The randomised, as Ms Duflo and her comrades are called, liken their studies to the clinical trials that prove the efficacy of new drugs.
Experimental study of nourishing Piyin Remedy on rat with spinal cord injury
Brain Marrow:a Region of Survival Neuropoietic Stem Cells in Adult Brain.
Objective:To explore the effect of irritable hyperglycemia on the children with critical diseases.
The present invention seeks to treat and benefit cellular states and potential disease causing effects by buffering the cellular environment at specific levels combined with cellular membrane electric potential changing cations such as sodium or potassium or rubidium or cesium or a combination thereof serving as the buffer counter ion
non-limiting examples of discrete aromatic hydrocarbon molecules are terphenyl , 9,9 ' -diphenylanthracene , pentacene , tetraphenylethylene , triphenylethylene , triphenylmethane , triphenylene , tetraphenylbenzene , and the like .
in addition to that similarity of function, the modify polypeptide may have other useful properties, such as a long half-life
The value of levels IFN-γ,IL-4 even did not return to the baseline at 24h after operation(P<0.05).
Expression of P~(53)gene protein in retinoblastoma
The Experimental Study of Blast Injury of Facial Nerve
The Expression and Significance of Fibronectin and Integrin β1 in Human Brain Glioma
Experimental Studies on the Pathological Features of Chloranthus Fortunei (A. Grog) Solms-lunb Poisoning
While the dissolution of retinal " and " eflornithine does not, and was pale yellow
FIG. 1 (IgG1.DELTA.CH1-.DELTA.hinge, bottom) shows the structure of the resulting locus, which will express an IgG1 having a J region sequence fused to the CH2 domain.
Among the 10 cases, there are one male, 9 females and 7 cases aged 25-35.Almlost total thyroidectomy is performed on one case
Antisterone combined with other antihypertensive drugs in the treatment of refractory hypertension
the process also has the advantage over the use of cross linked water absorbent polymers in that water from the suspension is released rather than being absorbed and retained by the polymer.
Additional preferred diketopiperazines are those wherein R1, R2 or both side chains are neutral side chains or neutral side chain derivatives.
[Results] The cigarette smoke extracts induced the expression of ΔNp63α both at protein and mRNA levels significantly in a dose dependent manner.The cigarette smoke extracts at 50 μg/mL induced 93% and 311% increasing of mRNA and protein levels respectively.
Cuba and Venezuela (Bolivarian Republic of) subsequently joined the sponsors.
Synthesis Cloning and Fusion Expression of the Human Parathyroid Hormone N terminus 34 Peptide Gene
The fertilization rate and the embryo development rate with sorted sperms were variant among 3 random selected buffalos.
Effect of curcumin Ⅲon angiogenesis in vivo of nude mice with lung adenocarcinoma xenografted tumor
Endoscopy of rectum; Proctoscopy
Evaluating the effect of intravesical chemotherapy by expressions of P-gp, GST-π and TOPO- Ⅱ in bladder cancer tissues
Delivery of human adrenomedullin gene mediates reductions in blood pressure and the protects heart and kidney function in high-salt diet induced hypertensive rats
Probe into Mathematical Model of Filtration Efficiency of the Micropron Membrane Filter
Methods:In the acid conditions,it was found that CBZ could significantly enhance the weak CL of the reaction of Ce(Ⅳ) and sodium sulfite.And combining with the flow injection technique,a rapid flow-injection method for the determination of CBZ was developed.
Objective To study the kinetic changes of the anorectum before and after anal fistula operation . Methods The anorectal pressure was measured with five indexes, such as rectalanalreflex (RAR) ,anal maximalcontraction pressure (AMCP) ,anallongestcontraction time (ALCT) ,rectalrest pressure (RRP) and analrest pressure (ARP) ,in 37 cases of analfistula .The comparisons,between pre and post operation , pre and post operation of low position , pre and post operation of high position ,post operatio...
The fluorescence emission of Rhodamine 6G dye molecules located near the physically polished nanostructure silver substrate(PPNSS) with and without PATP monolayer was investigated.
The number of Cardiac Phases allows the selection of single or multiple images to be acquired at the same location at multiple phases of the cardiac cycle.
By means of 30%~50% acetone fractionation,Sephadex G-100 gel filtration chromatography and MONO Q RH 5/5 FPLC, the high pure DAP(≥98%) from the hemolymph of larvae from Shanghai population was isolated.
specific examples of the halogen atom for y include fluorine atom, chlorine atom, bromine atom and iodine atom.
The immunologic function changes of the patients with acute uveitis treated with fuming diluent
Preferably Aa4 is of the formula : where Raa4 is a sidechain such as alkyl , aryl and aralkyl , especially aralkyl , more typically aralkyl of 7 to 10 such as 7 carbon atoms .
Detection of Total Antioxidant Capacity in the Blood Plasma and the Lesion of Psoriasis
The incidence of CFU-F in myelogenous leukemia was higher than that in lymphocytic leukemia (P<0.05). L-CFU of CML and ALL was higher than CPU-Mix of normal adults(P<0.05-0.01).
improve that diagnosis and treatment of severe acute pancreatitis
Nursing for patients with operation for renal stone removing by renal parenchyma section using Renal artery interdiction by Low temperature
The results of quantitative indicators were dealed with the use of SAS statistical software,any differences in efficacy were analyzed.
CT Diagnosis of Intracranial Hydatid Disease
and the milk containing the donkey-hide gelatin has good mouthfeel, is suitable for most crowds, and is particularly suitable to be taken by the old, particularly old female.
The optimizing medium for initial culture is: MS+BA2.0+NAA0.1,sugar (30mg/l) and agar(7.5mg/l).
the analysis of cytogenetic abnormality for patients with amenorrhea.
The invention also discloses a method for fermenting and producing trichoderma sp. by utilizing the fermentation medium, and the method comprises the following steps:
LIP; lymphoid interstitial pneumonia
From the mobility point of view, BEH-PPV is a material with good transport layer properties due to its high hole mobility, but its long side chains make it soluble in many common solvent such as toluene or chloroform
Salinity at 0.01 m/L of NaCl has no any unfavorable effect on the growth and nodulation of the plants. When the salinity is increased to 0.05 m/L,it doesn't influences the growth and nodulation of the plant which inoculats with strain 2210.The rest of plants grew normally,but very few nodules were formed.
Although bacteria, even 2 times more, could be harvested in 30℃ than 42℃, the activity of freeze-dried starter culture made up of the bacteria was very low, and their coagulating time was 50min more than 42
Determination of Telmisartan and Hydrochlorothiazide in Compound Telmisartan Capsules by HPLC
the alter expression of C erbB 2\, PCNA and p16 in salivary tumors and its clinicopathologic significance
Construction and Immunological Characterization of Recombinant Marek's Disease Virus Expressing IBDV VP2 Fusion Protein
This paper reports morphological and ecological studies on Mesocyclops notius Kiefer from a subtropical Chinese lake. Morphological characers of this species from Lake Biandantang were compared with Kiefer's and Van de Velde's studies on Aistralian specimens. In Lake Biandantang, M.notius associated with Thermocyclops taihokuensis Harada and T. brevifucatus Harada, dominated the planktonic Cyclopoida in the spring and the summer, while Cyclops vincinus vincinus Uljanin dominated i
The mean age at symptom onset of the pathologic group was 58.5 years and 16%had a positive family history
2 Compared with group Ⅱ,the activity of SOD of the cerebral tissue and the contentl of E_2 of the serum of group Ⅲ, Ⅳ,Ⅴ are much higher(P<0.01),while the content of MDA of the cerebral tissue of group Ⅲ,Ⅳ are much lower(P<0.05).
Based on ANSYS software,multi-objective optimization design for arc-shape finger seal with C-C composition material is carried out and the result of optimization numerical example shows that it can significantly improve the overall properties of the finger seal through structural optimization.
the sophorolipid-based composition are useful as anti-free-radical, anti-elastasic and anti-inflammatory agents
gondii antigen was expressed in tissue differentiation sections.
suitable second functional groups are for example hydroxy, phenolic, ( carboxylic ) acid ( anhydride ), amine, epoxy and isocyanate groups.
Injectable preparations, for example sterile injectable aqueous or oleaginous suspensions, are formulated according to the known art using suitable dispersing or wetting agents and suspending agents.
EXPERIENCE ON RECONSTRUCTION OF FACIAL-BUCCAL DEFECTS
Objective To discuss the change and significance of heart rate variability(HRV) before and after transcatheter closure in patients with atrial septal defect(ASD).
A memory (23) for storing black body locus data stores a black body locus (AD) for a signal (surface A) from a photoelectric conversion element (51W); a black body locus (BD) for a signal (surface B) from a photoelectric conversion element (51N); and a black body locus (ABD) for a signal (surface AB) obtained by adding signals from the photoelectric conversion element (51W) and the photoelectric conversion element (51N).
A series of acetylated(or benzyolated) glycals in 46%~89% yields were synthesized by the reaction of unprotected pyranoid sugar with Ac2O(or Bz2O),CH3COBr and Zn/PEG-600 sequentially under ultrasound in one pot method.The structures were confirmed by 1H NMR.
The optimal composition was obtained as follows: sucrose 0.6, peptone 0.1, yeast extract 0.2, K2HPO4? 3H2O 0.2, NaCl 0.2, MgSO4?
in this pap, that ultrastructure of cartilaginous tissue in gill lamella of juvenile Scopthalmus maximus was studied use the transmission electron microscope
Here,by using a yeast two-hybrid technology,p65 subunit of NF-κB transcription factor was identified as a partner of JNK3.
The height,weight,waist circumference(WC),hip circumference(HC),blood pressure(BP) and blood sugar were checked.The differences in genotypic and allelic frequencies were compared between the patients and normal controls.Logistic regression was employed to analyze the risk factors of the disease.
The cases with pain in hepatic region, abdominal distention, inertia, anorexia, emaciation and jaundice decreased significantly in 1st and 3rd month after the treatment when compared with those of pre treatment(P< 0.05
technical field that present invention relate to a drape product for surgical interventions,
It is important for the genome physical mapping, genome sequence, and map-based gene clone.
the present invention relate to an N-acyl-lysine conditioning moisturize. N-acyl-lysine, glycerol diisooctyl acid esters, cholesterine, glycerol, sorbierite, hexadecyl phosphoric acid arginine, p-hydroxybenzoate and essence are contained in every share of moisturizer
Conclusion The combination of CMC and HPLC-TOF/MS method had provided a new way to discover active components targeting membrane receptors from natural products.
Effects of Sodium Salicylate on Neural Stem Cells Differentiation in Newborn Mice Nucleus of Inferior Colliculus
the grown bud seedlings are cut, transferred into a disinfected glass bottle containing a proliferation culture medium,
Study on Organic-Inorganic Hybrid Membranes
before further disruption can proceed efficiently the particles must be dried until their water content is less than about 15 % by weight.
Symmetric and asymmetric Amplatzer transcatheter for perimembranous ventricular septal defects on the impact of electrophysiology: a Meta-analysis
Methods: Human periodontal ligament cells were cultured in vitro.Under the conditions of induced mineralization, the cells of generation three were dealt with icariin in different concentrations(10~0.001μg/mL), the levels of OCN were detected by Elisa.
Clinic Analysis and Tracing Investigation Study of Henoch-Sch(?)nlein Purpura
The result is:① The continuous infusion of VFA can change VFAs concentration and proportion in the rumen, PH is 6.56-6.74, the VFA concentration and molar ratio are changed, the total VFA lowers gradually (p<0.05).
A wide variety of eukaryotic hosts are also now available for production of recombinant foreign proteins .
To prepare an aqueous stabilizing solution suitable for preparing solid-state polypeptide particles according to the first embodiment, the polypeptide to be stabilized is dissolved in an acidic solution.
addi- tional adjuvants are usually not necessary for improving the solubility of the bmp component.
Non thyroidal illness: to treat or not to treat
Integrin-mediated Signaling Pathway Influences Lens Posterior Capsular Opacification
The Medium-term Follow-up Randomized Controlled Prospectiveclinical Study on the Early-middle Stage of Oonecrosistes of the Femoral Head
It is associated with MIGRAINE, infections (e.g., INFECTIOUS MONONUCLEOSIS), FEVER, EPILEPSY, and other neurological and psychiatric disorders.
These results suggest that the changes of plasma lipoprotein cholesterol may affect the metabolism of cholesterol and bile acids and it may take an important role in the formation of gallstone.
serum sialyl transferase; SST
In the absence of solvent, a kind of carboxyl modified polyether organosilicon UV absorber(CPE-MUVS) was prepared
the high-density lipoprotein cholesterin is increased by 1.3-3.9 percent, the weight is increased by 6.2-8.9 percent, thus saving the feed by 21.7-25.8 percent.
There were not significant correlations between the seed transmission rate and SMV concentration in these parts(P=0.05), but there was a slight correlation between the seed transmission rate and the virus concentration in preharvest mature seeds (r=0.66, pseed transmission rate
Synthesis and Application About Polymer supported Reagent
Extracted juice from sisal leaves can be refined and produced into steroid hormones.
Analysis on Therapeutic Effect of Kitasamycin and Erythromycin in the Treatment of Nongonococcal Urethritis
Study and implementation of holistic nursing in clinical teaching in higher nursing education
Isolation of 3,5-dinitrobenzoic acid degradation bacterium A3 and its degradation characteristics
The capsule endoscopy examination is more convenient,safe,economic and efficient,and can be used as the first choice for diagnosing the unexplained abdominal pain.
But the warts may come back.
"Intestinal obstruction: Blockage of the small intestine or large intestine, resulting from either lack of peristalsis or mechanical obstruction (e.g., by narrowing, foreign objects, or hernia)."
b) allowing the enzyme to catalyze the conversion of the substrate into the acid.
Technological Study on Synergistic Extraction of Flavonoids from Tartary Buckwheat Bran by Subcritical and Ultrasonic
Proteomic analysis of a preneoplastic phenotype in ovarian surface epithelial cells derived from prophylactic oophorectomies.
After the muscle proteins have been solubilized, they are centrifuged at an adequate force to sediment the membrane portion of the tissue and to cause the non-membrane lipids to float to the top of the resultant composition where they can form a layer.
he then perform posterior surgery beginning by remove posterior bone elements ( articular facets and processus articularis
Detection of inv(16) in acute myelomonocytic leukemia by interphase fluorescence in situ hybridization
The Study on Women - Centered Reproductive Health
suitable hydrophobic surface active compound having a log KOW above about 0 include alcohol with 3 or more carbons for every hydroxyl group
21. A method of binding a selective androgen receptor modulator compound to an androgen receptor, comprising the step of contacting the androgen receptor with the selective androgen receptor modulator compound of claim 1 and/or its analog, derivative, isomer, metabolite, pharmaceutically acceptable salt, pharmaceutical product, hydrate, N-oxide, prodrug, polymorph, crystal or any combination thereof, in an amount effective to bind the selective androgen receptor modulator compound to the androgen receptor.
Conclusion Combined detection of AFP,GP73 and ASPH can improve the diagnosis rate of primary hepatocellular carcinoma and early primary liver cancer.
The formation of a gel matrix between an oligosaccharide aldonic acid and water has been found to have soothing, healing and slow-release effects in addition to other various beneficial effects to skin, mucous membrane, hair and nail.
in that subject method, the framework regions of a rabbit antibody VH and VL domain may be modified so that they become more similar to the similar human antibody identified above
Results: With the consideration of the patient’s condition,clinical pharmacists cooperated smoothly with doctors and nurses and gave their pharmaceutical advices on giving an appropriate dosage,choosing from alternative options of administration methods,taking care of adverse drug reactions,et al.
All patients were divided into two groups according to the results of exercise test(positive group,n= 14;negative group, n = 22).
Clinical study of transcatheter arterial chemoembolization combined with γ-knife for primary hepatic carcinoma
[Conclusion] Valve replacement combined with microwave ablation can promote the transformation of sinus rhythm from atrial rhythm on patients with rheumatic valvular heart disease complicated with atrial fibrillation, but has no obvious effect on patients with left atrial thrombus, calcification of atrial wall.
Changes of Atrial Contraction Time and Electromechanical Time in Hypertensive Patients with Paroxysmal Atrial Fibrillation
Methods Sixty patients participated in this double-blind,prospective study and were randomly assigned to either Dezocine(D) group or tramadol(T) group.
Improving Potency of Suicidal DNA Vaccine by Fusion with Alpha Herpesvirus VP22
Objective To explore the value of contrast-enhanced ultrasound(CEUS) in differentiation between benign and malignant breast tumor.
nervous fibers are invading the scaffold from the left ( half-part left intact by surgery ), the right portion of the image is still full of holes ( = fibers ). ( b ) high magnification image of regenerating neurons amongst ha microfibers.
It is a further object of the invention to provide an implant material that has improved fibrovascular ingrowth properties and that can be fixated to bone or other tissue using presently available fixation techniques.
The Sceening and Identification of Receptors of Hantaan Virus
Comparing to ddF, the main advantage of Cycle-ddF is that it omited the T7 RNA polymerase transcription and the AMV reverse transcription , decreased the cost of screening test and remained the high efficience.
the present invention is also directed to an in vitro cell culture of human embryonic stem cells cultured in a medium including high levels of a fibroblast growth factor, gamma amino butyric acid, pipecholic acid, lithium and transforming growth factor beta so that the stem cells can be cultured indefinitely in an undifferentiated state without the need for fibroblast feeder cells or conditioned medium.
The other 10 cases without surgical history received the main facial nerve dissection procedure.
Synthesis and Antiinflammatory Activity of 2-Alkyl Cyclopentenone Derivatives
They cool off wort before fermentation.
The invention further provides for minimally-invasive systemic treatment of skeletal disorders such as osteoporosis as well as minimally-invasive systemic treatment of injured or diseased non-mineralized tissues and organs such kidneys.
Expression and significance of NF-κB and MMP-9 in human colorectal cancer
Methods:Total of 190 patients with primary liver carcinoma were treated with stereotactic radiotherapy with super gamma knife.
tetraphyllicine and vellosimine were isolate from Rauwolfia yunnanensis Tsiang for that first time. Alkaloids Ⅳ and Ⅷ are two new indole alkaloids
the present device can be use to collect degradable biologically sourced analyte such as nucleic acids, proteins, and respective fragments thereof
The animals were divided into normal group(n=6),sham operation group(n=6)and injuried group(n=36).The apoptosis of neural cells,the expressions of Caspase-1 and Caspase-3 were studied by TUNEL and immunochemistry methods respectively.
Effect of trap corn on the population dynamics of native predators in cotton field
The symmetry properties of the optical coherence with respect to the detuning of the light frequency from resonance show up in specific symmetries of the spectra.
Rang of motion recovery was well.Conclusions Surgical treatment of Schatzker Ⅲ tibial plateau with wedge-shaped articular surface reduction and bone grafting can be used in the way of windows;with little trauma on the body,and rigid fixation.
These results were based on manually measuring and identifying these features within the pulmonary artery (PA).
The diagnostic accuracies and the anatomical details on non-contrast MRI and CE-MRA were compared. Results The non-contrast MRI and CE-MRA were consistent on 7 cases of aortic dissection, 7 cases of aneurysm and 2 cases of descending aortic coarctation
Application of multiparameter flow cytometry in diagnosis of non-Hodgkin lymphoma
injection for balancing brain pressure
There is no vaccine to prevent HCV infection.
increasing film formation temperature and prolonging film formation time improve wet - abrasion property of latex film.
Results:SFI and TRMS of group A were better than those of group B 4 and 8 weeks after transplantation, but there was no significant difference between groups A and B 1 and 2 weeks after transplantation
study on octadecyl hydrogen succinate ( OHS) crystal for soft X-Ray spectroscopy
Conclusion:Early escharectomy shows good effects in preventing early systemic inflammatory response syndrome for patients with second-degree burns and it can promote quick rehabilitation.
Analysis of concentration of CsA in whole blood by FPIA
(3)Periphery nerves muscle electricity conduction speed.
Tests revealed an aggressive and potentially fatal cancer. Penile cancer is rare, with about 2,030 new cases and 340 deaths expected in the United States this year.
It is predicted that the im-provment of tumor molecular diagnosis will make mankind recognize the essence of tumor and kill it eventually
the reflect red and blue left-handed circularly polarise light will be changed by that liquid crystal layer 2 into right-handed light, which will be transmit through the n4 plate 8 and the linear polariser 6
Methods:A total of 59 severe HFMD confirmed cases were observed during HFMD epidemic.Immunological parameters were measured by ELISA.Biochemical parameters,including TBIL,DBIL,IBIL,GPT,GOT,total protein,globulin,LDH,CK,CK-MB and a-HBDH were measured by automatic biochemical analyzer.
Dihydroetorphine was prepared from 7a-aoetyl-6, 14-endo-ethenotetrahydro-thebaine after hydrogenation, Grignard reaction and demethylation of the 0-3 methoxyl group. Different reagents and technique was employed for 0-demethyla-tion. This resulted in shortened reaction time and increase in yield.
Growth of Bifidobacteria at low pH Human gastric juice was obtained from healthy subjects by aspiration through a nasogastric tube ( Mercy Hospital , Cork , Ireland ) .
Studies on Increasing the Plus-mutation Rate of High Ethanol Production S. Cerevisiae Strains Through Interaction UV Irradiation with Temperature
Hemorrhagic Fevers, Viral
if that liquid flow is strong or the glass bead are large so that the difference in resistance between the DNA molecules and the glass bead is great, the DNA molecule may tear
Cardiac anesthesia catheter head elasticity softening liquid, preparation method and use method thereof
Effect of radiotherapy on chordoma in sacrum caudal region 5-year follow-up of 16 cases
the ( meth ) acrylate copolymer has excellent solubility in a ( meth ) acrylate compound have an alicyclic ester substituent.
investigation of correlative factor leading to delay diagnosis of Smear-positive TB cases
the nutrient release was enhance to different degrees by lit of all broad-leaved leaf species with that exception of S. superba which had no effect. with increasing initial nitrogen concentration of broad-leaved leaf litter, the lar the enhancement
Therapeutic effect of three-dimensional conformal radiotherapy on locally advanced pancreatic carcinoma
Better sugar beet varieties with high sucrose content and a genetically improved white sugar yield can be developed.
Advances in pharmacotherapy of erectile dysfunction
By using two different antibody concentration (0.2 nM and 1 nM), the KD of the interaction between a particular mAb and ligand was calculated from nonlinear regression analysis of the competition curves using a dual-curve one-site homogeneous binding model (Adamczyk et al., 1999, Bioconjugate Chest 10:1032-37; Adamczyk et al., 2000, Methods 20:319-28).
For example, the upper front opening 110 has an upper right flap 1215 and an upper left flap 1235, which cover the right breast and left breast, respectively.
When full binocular vision is important, as with fine mechanical work, and the use of a contact lens or implant is anticipated.
High level of 3-chlorotyrosine has been found in ApoA1 protein in atherosclerosis patients,indicating that it may play important role in disease.
System 10 can continue tracing the anterior cerebral artery by moving the sample volume depth deeper and anteriorly along the bifurcation until no Doppler signal can be detected
【Objective】 To investigate the clinical effect of self-made lingual band hook in Ⅱ class traction.【Methods】 30 Angle class Ⅱ division 1 cases were chose.
Asymmetric synthesis of chiral precursor R(-)-mandelic acid
Thereafter, selection of the infected cells containing the thionin gene is performed, concurrently with removal of Agrobacterium tumefaciens used for infecting the cells.
Furthermore, the clinician must steer and reposition the catheter in order to capture multiple image planes within the anatomy.
A mol ratio of B2O3/ (B2O3 + other oxides) of less than 60 is preferable, more preferably a mol ratio of less than 30, and even more preferably a mol ratio of less than 20.
The leaves and leafstalks were used as explants to establish the technique system of tissue culture and to study the effects of different carbon sources in Oxalis triangularis Subeg. Triang.
Synthesis,Self-assembly and Colloidal Stability in Physiological Milieu of Worm-like PICmicelles of Poly(ethylene glycol)-b-poly(ethylenimine)/plasmid DNA
Methods:A spring-gauze was surgically implanted into 24 male Sprague-Dawley rats’ dorsal muscles,respectively,then mixed Staphylococcus aureus and Escherichia coli were injected into the spring-gauze.
Matching treatment of the radiotherapy (before, during, after): 1.
Nonmuscle Myosin Type IIA \ A nonmuscle isoform of myosin type II found predominantly in platelets, lymphocytes, neutrophils and brush border enterocytes.
Results There were 134 patients of 169 female genital tract malformation,in which there were 54 cases of congenital vagina malformation 39. 1%(54//169),34 cases of Uterine agenesis or hyperplasia 13. 1%(22/169) and 93 cases of uterine malformation 55. 0%(93/169).
Conclusion: Both depressive patients and the people with childhood maltreatment have more cognitive biases than healthy people.
In operation group (n=24) and ATRA group (n=24) rats had balloon induced endothelium denudation at thoracic aorta and were killed at the 2nd, 7th, 14th, 28th day after artery injury.
Experimental Study of Replenishing Blood Effect of Wuqi Xiejing Liquor on Hemopenia Syndrome Model with Hemorrhage
SALMONELLA (TYPHOID), DYSENTERY (AMOEBIC, BACILLARY), INTESTINAL WORMS (PINWORM, ROUNDWORM, TAPEWORM
Results:The effective rate of all the cases was 31.5%, fatality rate was 14.5%, inefficiency was 54.0%. In contrast, the effective rate was 93.9% for earlier period patients, 57.1% for metaphase patients, only 11.6% for later period
Representative monomers of the above-described class include: dimethacrylate and diacrylates esters of 4,4'-bis-hydroxyethoxy-bisphenol A, dimethacrylate and diacrylates esters of bisphenol A, etc.
The conversion of char nitrogen in O2/CO2 and O2/Ar mixtures was studied by thermogravimetric analyzer(TGA) together with Fourier transform infrared(FTIR) spectroscopy.
Synthesis and properties of a large number of thiophene pyrimidines heterocyclic compounds with biological activity were reported,but synthesis and biological activity of guanidine intermediate was seldom report-ed.Guanidine intermediate is usually no need for further purification,can be the next step is a system of thio-phene pyrimidin-ones.We prepared Guanidine intermediates,and studied the properties and biological activity.;
Basic medium for mycelium of Collybia albuminosa was optimized by response surface methodology.
Data Progression Decision Factors
in one contemplate embodiment, that divergence 332 may simply represent a hard threshold value in relation to the simulated physiologic data stream 330 that once crosse by the real-time physiologic data stream 316 sets off the alarm warning
RESUTLS: The improvement rates of symptoms and ECG were 85% and 70% in defibrase group and 86% and 73% in control group, respectively
here, R" and R"', independently of one another, are hydrogen or an alkyl, cycloalkyl, aryl or alkenyl radical
study of experiment on hemorheology and lipid metabolism about Zhushifuguwan prevention and cure early stage of Steroid-Induced avascular necrosis of femoral head
The average postpone time of the group with local injection through the endoscope was 78.8 days, and the other's was 87.2 days
Conclusions Blood pressure can be controlled effectively by nursing intervention on patients with EH. The method of nursing intervention is adjusting administration guiding by trough-peak effect of antihypertensive drugs through monitoring blood pressure.
To Observe the Effects of Sevoflurane Induction of Anesthesia in Pediatric Surgery
Echocardiography Evaluation of the Coronary Endothelial Function in Hypertension Patient under Cold Pressor Test
Studies on Preparation and Property of Crosslinked-Carboxymethyl Duplex Modified Wheat Starch
In addition, on day 28 after starting the multiple-administration, the distance of the combination group significantly increased compared with not only the control group, but also the cilostazol single group and the L-carnitine single group (FIG. 1).
Compared the effective power of two groups,the difference was statistically significant( P < 0. 05).
The zona-free embryos are washed and placed in M16 medium.
surgical removal of that teste or ovaries.
Effect of allicin on macrophages of the immunosuppressed mice infected by candida albicans
Polyaniline(PANI) was respectively coated on zinc oxide and antimony doped tinoxide nanoparticles.The products were investigated by XRD, Thermal GravityAnalysis(TG), Fourier-Transform Infrared Spectrography (FT-IR), TEM and SEM. Theconductivity of PANI/ATO nanoparticles was greatly enhanced via doping hydrochloricacid
Fermentation Conditions Study of Lactase-Producing Yeast Kluyveromyces lactis
As compared with those in C group, severe hypoxemia, hypercapnia and acidosis appeared, ALC was reduced by 49.2% ,TLW and EVLW markedly increased in I group(P<0.01).
Given the higher pH of the intestine compared to the stomach, absorption of, e. g. ketoconazole may be expected to be negligible in the intestine.
With respect to an arterial fistula needle, the metal cannula typically has an internal diameter between needle sizes 14G to 17G, e.g., 1.75 mm (needle size 15G) or 1.6 mm (needle size 16G).
Clinical observation on the therapeutic effectiveness of Yujin medicated wine on rheumatoid arthritis
Method:Ethanol precipitation method was used. The experiments were designed by orthogonal design table with the amount of physic liquor mass concentration and ethanol concentration as examine factors, and extractum yield and ferulic acid content as evaluation index
The anterior ribs and the posterior ribs are connected to each other by dynamic elastic spring junctions.
Effect of carmine spider mite on enzymes related to active oxygen metabolism in cowpea seedling leaves
Studies on Macrocyclic Diterpenoids(Ⅳ)--Synthesis of Isosarcophytol-A Precursor
Due to less intestinal juice and slower peristalsis at terminal ileum, the amount of bacteria increases gradually, mainly of lactobacillus, Escherichia coli, bacteroides, clostridium, etc.
arylalkyl amide
METHOD: HPLC was used to determine and to analyse the peak change of single and co - decoction
Paresthesia of mucous membrane; Mucosal paresthesia
The results showed that close relationship exists between the molecular status of coloring material and the dye uptake. The dye uptake is only around 10% as showed by the bonding of coloring material with the impurities when the molecular weight is more than 10 000; and while the dye uptake can be up to 30% and 50% when the molecular weight is lower than 5 000 and 1 000, respectively. Bio-enzymes can break the bonding of coloring material with the impurities
Cloning and expression of human F3-GRIM19 gene
A clinical study of abnormal bone metabolism in patients with HBV liver cirrhosis
Construction of Drug-induced Toxicity Related Proteins Database
Objective To study the characteristics of sonogram of acute appendicitis with ultrasound and its clinical value.
EFFECTS OF MOXIBUSTION ON CEREBRAL ACETYLCHOLINE CONTENT AND CHOLINE ACETYL TRANSFERASE ACTIVITY IN THE AGED RATS
Using an extradural fronto-orbitozygomatic approach, the cavernous sinus was approached laterally, and a teratoma was removed from within the cavernous sinus.
soluble IL-I receptors ,
X-ray Diagnosis of Idiopathic Pulmonary Hemosiderosis
Objective:To explore early diagnosis and treatment of thyroid micro-carcinoma(TMC).
Effect of compound modification on solubility of wheat gluten
The growth of a solid tumor beyond a certain size requires angiogenesis.Furthermore,the new immature vessels embeded in a tumor provide a gateway for tumor cells to enter the circulation and to metastasize to distant sites.Therefore,tumor growth and metastasis are angiogenesis-dependent.
in our previou work, anionic poly with a lot of COO- groups cover on its surface was prepared using Poly as emulsifier and it was use as template for preparing CdS, ZrO_2 hollow spheres and Ag/TiO_2, CdS/TiO_2 composite hollow spheres.
To get the full gene sequence of BPI, part of 3'-end gene sequence was also cloned with particularly designed primers by 3'-RACE PCR combined with nested PCR
Furthermore,Our study indicated that LBP did not attenuate the antitumor activity of DOX on A549 carcinoma cells.
superbranched polymer gel immobilize yeast
Methods In according to the pathologic types of the primary tumors,the distinction of action and metabolism of chemicals,the cell cycle nonspecific agents(CCNSA) to be infused or add to embolism by the liver artery (except CTX and IFO),the cell cycle specific agents (CCSA) to be injected by peripheral vein,from each chemotherapy scheme.
investigation to blood glucose control dure Perioperation to patients with diabetes complicate bone fracture
Inheritance of seedling cold tolerance was examined in three crosses between tolerant and sensitive parents by growing seedlings in the phytotrom after keeping them at 6℃ for 48 hours. Cold tolerance was measured by leaf yellowing after the treatment of low temperature then recovery at 30℃/25℃ for 24 hours and by plant dying recovery for 48 hours are both govered by a single dominant gene. A single dominant gene also controls the cold tolerance as measured by specific con...
Participation in any other clinical study within the last 3 months.
21/40) of E 6 and P 53 were double positive and in which 90.48%(19/21) showed in the some cell nucleus, binding of P 53 by E 6 protein of HPV16,18 to form detectable complexes and it leaded to accelerate degradation of wild type P 53, or mutation
The ovarian CAFs exhibited lower proliferation than tumor cells and showed positive staining for fibroblast specific protein-1,vimentin,desmin and especially for α-smooth muscle actin,and negative staining for cytokeratin(broad-spectrum),cytokeratin 7,cytokeratin 20,CD31 and CD90.
in either assay, a decrease of 10% or more in that amount of said polypeptide bound in the presence of candidate modulator, relative to the amount of said polypeptide bound in the absence of candidate modulator indicate that the candidate modulator inhibits the interaction of TNF-gamma, or fragment thereof and said polypeptide.
Conclusion: (1) Condition of disease in rats with hypertension complicated with hyperlipidemia was more severe than that with simple hypertension
The results of therapeutic tests showed that the mortality rate decreased significantly(P<0.01)in both antimicrobial peptide Fowlicidin-3 group and ciprofloxacin group compared to the E. coli O1 infection control group,and the prevention effectives from antibacterial peptide Fowlicidin-3 group reached the high level as ciprofloxacin group did.Recombinant antibacterial peptide Fowlicidin-3 displayed preferable curative effect and protection.
Conclusions These various types of cerebral infarction was significantly increased plasma levels of Hcy,homocysteine(Hhcy) is an important related factors in the occurrence of cerebral infarction,development,recurrence,severity or prognosis of diseases;cerebral infarction patients’ age increase and Hcy levels were significantly increased;Added folic acid and vitamin B12 treatment helps to decrease the level of plasma Hcy.
Streptonigrin \Complex cytotoxic antibiotic obtained from Streptomyces flocculus or S. rufochronmogenus
The third idea is that by ablating immunosuppression mechanisms, cytotoxic chemotherapy might synergize with, rather than antagonize, actie immunotherapy.
Neonatal respiratory morbidity at term and the risk of childhood asthma
In order to confirm the pathogen of pitaya canker,the pathogenicity of pure culture isolated from the samples of disease tissues was tested according to Koch’s law;the pathogen was identified according to morphological characteristics and ITS sequence analysis,biological characteristics were determined using colony growth and slide methods.
The disappearance rates of clinical symptoms and abnormal gastroscopic findings were significantly higher in the treatment group than in the control group.
Conclusion This technique is an ideal tool for culture in vitro for neurons of hippocampal tissue.
When the curable material is a material that is curable upon irradiation with electron beams, an electron-beam irradiation unit that irradiates the image recording composition 12A (or the curable layer 12B formed from the image recording composition 12A) with electron beams is used as the stimulus application unit 18.
The value of combined measurement of urinary five proteins in diagnosing diabetic nephropathy early
the apparatus 10 has a protein storage compartment 30 in whi
The Significance of Thyroid autoantibodies in Subclinical Hyper- thyroidism
Using methods recommended by the WHO - DIAMOND Project Group, a six year long study (1989 - 1994)was conducted on the incidence of insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM) among children under 15 years of agein Changsha, Hunan Province. The average annual at risk population (0 - 14 years old) consisted of 1 357 437 children. Nineteen cases of IDDM were found (12 male, 7 female). The 19 children were all Han - Chinese. Data werecollected from 23 hospitals and 193 primary and secondary schools, with an aver...
The invention relates to an assembled connecting device for a dental implant, belonging to the technical field of dental implantation.
Five fatty acids were determined as palmitic acid 18.62%, palmitoleic acid 6.06%, stearic acid 8.77%, oleic acid 54.36% and linoleic acid 7.80
05. Conclusion: Transvaginal ultrasound can improve the diagnosis rate of uterine fibroids,and has the advantages of simple operation,no trauma,good repeatability characteristics,it is a good technical means in diagnosis of gynecological diseases,
The term is generally applied to a substance that consists of ions rather than individual molecules. An example of such a substance is sodium chloride (table salt). Such a substance's chemical formula describes the simplest ratio of the number of atoms of the constituent elements. See also stoichiometry.
Three important polymerization methods of PPV related polymers were reviewed, including (1) 1,6 free radical/anionic polymerization,(2) Wittig reaction,(3) Heck coupling reaction and some important correlate results.
This is a condition in the membrane surrounding the brain where blood flow has been partially reestablished in a preiously blocked essel.
The invention also relates to a process for preparing said microparticles and to their use in the treatment of bacterial infections associated to certain pulmonary diseases.
Conclusion Human FGFR1-Ⅲb receptor is a functional receptor in pancreatic ductal cells. FGF-1, -2, and-4 can increase the growth of FGFR1-Ⅲb-transfected pancreatic ductal cells, and the mechanism is that they can induce the p44/p42 MAPK phosphorylation
The Evaluation of the T Peak-T End Interval to the Dispersion of Ventricular Repolarization in Hypertrophic Cardiomyopathy and Dilated Cardiomyopathy
value and the single event specific energy distribution are simulated by several codes, which include different Monte-Carlo methods
A Computer Program for Calculating Pharmacokinetic Constants Following I. V. Administration of Drug
Normal Human Dermal Fibroblasts (NHDF) were incubated with IL-17A at different concentrations.
the remainder of that chain ( s) is identical with or homologous to correspond sequences in antibody derived from another species or belonging to another antibody clas or subclass
the property of that composite S SBS membranes and S SBS membrane such as equivalent weight ( EW), strength, proton conductivity, water uptake and swellability were studied
No complication, such as joint malfunction, conglutination, th rombosis of deep vein and infection occurred
Eye drops for treating oculopathy caused by welding high light radiation
tertiary phosphine having bulky radical may find utility as catalyst ligands
In SHR group the expression of caspase-3in myocardial cells was increased with the increased weeks of age,and the number of positive cells showed a trend of significant increase,each week with significant differences among the groups.
STUDY ON MALIGNANT BONE TUMOR THERAPY(1) EXPERIMENTAL STUDY OF DEVITALIZED BONE REPLANTATION
A series of alkali or alkaline-earth metal ions modified silica gel(XFGJ) adsorbents were prepared by incipient impregnation method,and their adsorption and separation behaviors for CO2/CH4 mixed gas were investigated by the pressure swing adsorption(PSA) process.
Conclusion The levels of plasma tHcy are significantly increased in SSHL.
Analysis of Shenque relationship with the gas and the organs and meridians and modern medicine’s understanding of the navel to introduce clinical use.
Cloning、Characterization and Expression of Interleukin-2 from Forest Musk Deer (Moschus Berezovskii)
An [alpha]-haloalcohol is made by hydrogenating an [alpha]-haloketone with a hydrogenating agent in the presence of a transition metal-containing heterogeneous catalyst, under conditions such that an [alpha]-haloalcohol is formed. The reaction is particularly useful, for example, in a process to make epoxides which may be generally prepared by: (a) reducing an [alpha]-haloketone with a hydrogenating agent to form an [alpha]-haloalcohol; and (b) cyclizing the [alpha]-haloalcohol with base to make an epoxide.An alpha-haloalcohol is made by hydrogenating an alpha-haloketone with a hydrogenating agent in the presence of a transition metal-containing heterogeneous catalyst, under conditions such that an alpha-haloalcohol is formed. The reaction is particularly useful, for example, in a process to make epoxides which may be generally prepared by: (a) reducing an alpha-haloketone with a hydrogenating agent to form an alpha-haloalcohol;
Laparoscopic Management of Tubal Pregnancy-365 Cases Analysis
IF The precoding weight calculation unit 12 derives the transmit weight matrix Wk.
Conlusion The final outcome and case-fatality of hypertensive brainstem hemorrhage are correlated with the size of hematoma and the position of th…
the invention relates to a DNA combine protein check method based on mobile cutting tangent enzyme,
Objective: This study is aim to establish the norms of dental model on normal occlusion in Chongqing teenagers, reveal the characteristics of dental model, compare with different sexual, racial and regional population and provide the reference for diagnoses in orthodontics.
In the method of producing DOP, the organophosphorous composition of the present invention can be prepared by a method (a) of purifying DOP-X after its production and a method (b) of purifying DOP-X after its hydrolysis
Pleural effusion in fibronectin、laminin、collagen type Ⅳand pleural fibrosis
Panels ( B ) and ( C ) show subcutaneous & omental PAs , respectively , that have been proliferated for six weeks in the presence of FGF - 1 and subsequently differentiated in SCM .
in accordance with experimental result, implant sensory nerve into flaps to recover sentience in that hand and feet on 25 cases
Methods 60 cases of patients with laparoscopic myomectomy were randomLy divided into etomidate emulsion combined with fentanyl group(Group A,n=30)and etomidate emulsion combined with remifentanil group(Group B,n=30).
increases in incidences of sexually transmitted infections
For such cells, the conditioned medium was used as a source of the secreted Gaussia protein, to which the detergent was added in the indicated concentrations.
Obsevations on chromosome numbers of some Xinjiang species of Calligonum and our views on their ploidy.
Analysis of clinical and laboratory of ureaplasma urealyticmtium in136cases with PID
polycolonal antibody against human Factor Ⅷ related antigen (F-ⅧRAg) was used to identify blood vessels and a monoclonal antibody against proliferating cell nuclear antigen (PCNA) was used as a marker for proliferating cells
in this way that host cell can be cultured in an aqueous medium that comprise cells and nutrients for the cells, for example assimiable source of carbon and/or nitrogen.
Kinetic characteristics of urease and alkaline phosphatase in dry land farming
METHODS: The immunohistochemical method and gelatin zymography were applied to investigate the expression and activity of MMP-2 in human dental pulp cells with or without IL-1β.
One hour after acute myocardial infarction anterior descending branch was opened in the model group. 10 mL phosphate buffer saline was inserted into sacculus sphaericus
Expression of Twist in endometrial adenocarcinoma and its relationship with clinical biological behaviors
if short, double strand RNA molecules of 19-29 bp are transfect in order to transiently knock down a specific gene of interest.
and wherein R3 is substituted by C1-6alkyl, wherein said C1-6alkyl is optionally substituted by heteroaryl or a saturated ring system consisting of 4 to 7 atoms selected from C, N and O, and wherein said heteroaryl or ring system is optionally substituted by C1-4alkyl and wherein said C1-4alkyl is optionally substituted by NR6R7, aryl, hydroxy or C1-4alkoxy;
The copolymer can be present in an amount of 2 to 12 wt % of the solids content based on the total solids content of the mixture of the aqueous slurry and the polymer latex binder.
in 1997, as part of that European Women's canc prevention week, the French-speaking community supported a numb of detection initiatives by cancer leagues and association
Pharmacodynamic Study of Antitussive and Antiasthmatic Film Ⅱ. Therapeutic Action and Its Action Mechanism on Chronic Bronchitis In Mice
of those who underwent David procedure,4 cases achieved optimal effects and 1 case,sub-optimal;
The invention relates to a novel use of ferulic acid, and particularly relates to a novel use of ferulic acid in preparation for a medicine used for relieving uterine bleeding after abortion, wherein ferulic acid can be used for dominantly inducing the protein expressions of the specific nuclear transcription factors of subgroups Th1 and Th17 on the maternal-fetal interface of a mouse which is subjected to medical abortion via mifepristone, reducing the protein expressions of the specific nuclear transcription factors of subgroups Th2 and Treg, and then inducing the migration of T-cells to the subgroups Th1 and Th17 and promoting maternal-fetal immunological rejection, thus reducing the amount of the uterine bleeding of the mouse which is subjected to medical abortion.
clinical study of the effect of acute hypervolemic hemodilution on hemorheology property
Conclusion Competitive PCR combining with enzyme linked hybridization of amplified products has been proven to be a method of choice for quantitative detection of HBV DNA with high sensitivity, specificity and reliability.
the sequent hydrolysis of ( S) -2-methyl aziridine unde that action of phase transfer catalyst to obtain ( S) - ( +) -2-amino propanol
combining the 3-aminopropyl triethoxysilane nanoparticles on the surface of the substrate with protein A or protein G;and then, dropping an antibody corresponding to an antigen to be detected on the surface of the substrate to enable the protein A or the protein G to be combined with the antibody.the method disclosed by the invention overcomes the defect of unstable connection of antibody molecules, and effectively keeps the activity of antibody reaction molecules;
Effect of naloxone on apoptosis and expression of Fas and FasL protein in rats with myocardial ischemia-reperfusion injury
the sequence of that gC1q-R bin site for gp120 is shown in SEQ ID NO.: 2. the sequence of the HIV-1 gp120 binding site for gC1q-R is shown in SEQ ID NO.: 3
Bolton tooth-size discrepancy among different skeletal malocclusion groups
comprises 35% to 45% of pollen, 15% to 20% of compound amino acid and 30% to 35% of powder of the root of kudzu vine.
Insulin resistance due to genetic abnormalities and/or increased adipose tissue contributes to follicular atresia in the ovaries as well as the development of acanthosis nigricans in the skin
The results showed that thirty strains were isolated.Among them,the transparent circle diameter of F33,F38,F46,F15 and F3 were bigger,and the decomposition ability was higher.
Direct Measurement of Conversion Time of Bacter io-chlorophyll a from the S_3 to S_1 State in Pyridine Solution
Polypeptides and other compounds that can bind specifically to the CH2-CH3 cleft of an immunoglobulin molecule, and methods for using such polypeptides and compounds to inhibit Fc-mediated immune complex formation, Immune complexed IgG to IgG FgammaR binding, and immune complexed IgG mC1q (membrane C1q) or soluble C1q binding.
It is fundamental that investigate the molecular mechanism of asthma which including genetic factors, environment, immunity, the inflammation and reconstruction of bronchus for controlling asthma.
In contrast , the combination of 1MT plus paclitaxel or cisplatin treatment caused tumor regression in the model .
Synthesis and Characterization of Rare Earth Complexes of the New Amino Acid Schiff Base Derived from 2-acetylbenzimidazole and Glycine
When a position in both of the two compared sequences is occupied by the same base or amino acid monomer subunit ( for instance , if a position in each of the two DNA molecules is occupied by adenine , or a position in each of two polypeptides is occupied by a lysine ) , then the respective molecules are homologous at that position .
Method: 10cases of marriage outer erotic behave were analyzed using symptom check list(SCL-90).
The protein chips indicated that MCP-1 was differentiated.Compared with blank group,the model of expression was decreased;the treatment of expression was increased;there was no difference between the group treatment and blank.
Methods:Venous blood was obtained from a health volunteer and 30 patients of the department of ophthalmology.PRP was prepared by PCCS system,Curasan system and Trindade method respectively.
Ascitic fluid concentrations of fibronectin(Fn), α_1-antitrypsin(AAT), cholesterol(Ch), and sialic acid(SA) were determined in 63 patients with ascites:32 with cirrhosis of liver, 10 with miscellaneous nonmalignant disease, 14 with peritoneal carcinomatosis and 7 with primary carcinoma of the liver
9 . a method for preparing an edible film comprising nitroglycerin , said method comprising : mixing at least one water soluble film former to provide a film- forming mixture ; adding nitroglycerin to the film-forming mixture ; casting the film- forming mixture comprising nitroglycerin on a substrate ; and drying the cast film to provide said edible film comprising nitroglycerin .
Relationship bewteen GSH/GSSG with mucosal injury and cytokine profile in dextran sodium sulphate-induced acute colitis of mice
Analysis of CT features of nonfunctional adrenal tumors
Objective To study gene transfer efficiency of inactivated Coxackie virus B 1 transferrin polylysine DNA (CVB 1 TfpL DNA) complex in primary skeletal muscle cells
Preparations and Studies on β-Cyclodextrin Derivatives as Gas Chromatographic Chiral Stationary Phase
Inheritance Trend in Maturity Season of Grape Crossed Progenies
How Much Information did the Informatian Measure for DNA Sequences Reveal?
Conclusion:Application of BIA in MHD patients was accurate,non-invasive and quick and it has important significance for assessment of the nutritional status of MHD patients.
However, as a means to further confirm the expression of M2ae1 along with PCV2 ORF2, an immunoblot on PCV2 ORF2 amino M2ae1 harvested supernatant from baculovirus-infected insect cell cultures was performed
the method for treating hyperthyroidism of the invention comprises administering to the feline an antithyroid agent in conjunction with feeding the feline a composition that comprises from about 0.1 to less than about 1 or from about 0.1 to about 0.27 mg / kg iodine on a dry matter basis and from about 0.1 to less than about i, or from about 0.2 to about 0.66 mg / kg selenium on a dry matter basis.
Roentgenological Diagnosis of Skeletal Fluorosis in Children: An Analysis of 160 Cases
Expression and Purification of a Novel Influenza Virus Subunit Vaccine and Analysis of Its Preliminary Immunological Effect
Studies on the synthesis and behavior of a new colour reagent--4,5-dibromo-2,7-dihy-droxyfluorescein
Results(1) The anthraquinones,stilbenes,phospholipids,polysaccharides and glycosides were contained in Polygonum multiflorum.
The results showed that there were significant differences in soil microbial biomass and community structure at grazing and fenced steppes inside and outside fence.
Expression and Clinical Value of Survivin in Bladder Transitional Cell Carcinoma
the present invention utilizes at least one precursor that includes a hetero-atom located at positions that are beta relative to the nitrogen atom of the reactive amine groups.
Expression of N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor-1 in acute intoxicated encephalopathy induced by 1,2-dichloroethane
A total of 55 polymorphic sites were found,and 67 haplotypes were identified.
This relatively high early embryonic loss may be associated with multiple pregnancy complications or the other abnormalities of placentation frequently observed in cloned embryos
Therapeutic equipment for introducing medicine
The Comparative Study of Hemorheology in Case with Cerebral thrombosis and Hemorrhage
Six up to seven years' follow-up and prognosis rates were conducted in 72 senile patients with affective disorder (CCMD-2-R) to understand the relationship between the clinical types of senile affective mental disorder and prognosis.
Over 3 months to 5 years after intracoronary BMC therapy there was a significant improvement in haemodynamics (e.g. LVEF, cardiac index), exercise capacity, oxygen uptake, and LV contractility
The specific activity of a Bacillus subtilis lipase was increased by directed evolution.Through two cycles of error prone PCR,coupled with a sensitive high-throughput screening method,a mutant named 3-1B2 was obtained.Its catalytic activity was 4.5-fold compared to that of wild lipase BSL2.DNA sequencing revealed that two amino acids were changed.Further experiments showed that the thermosta-bility and pH stability of 3-1B2 were slightly increased than those of BSL2,and the optimum temperature and pH of the...;
Intensified chemotherapy in hospital for regional tuberculosis control
the success of diffusion magnetic resonance imaging ( mri ) is rooted in the powerful concept that during their random, diffusion-driven displacements, molecules probe tissue structure at a microscopic scale well beyond the usual image resolution.
The influence of applied loading on the biofilm, spatial distribution, biomass and biological activity were summarized in this paper. Future study should be focused on stable and efficient running, the correlation between efficiency of reactor, microbial characteristics and so on
in order to facilitate insertion of the mask into a patient,
With the total age-specific fertility rate（TAFR or TFR） population model Pn=（TFR/2）Pn-1,we calculated the reduced population if there had been not the four government intervention policies.
However, the cripple rate, dystocia rate and the average incubating time difference increased by 11.9%、8.4% and 4.4 times than that in control groups, respectively. In addition, the main incubating periods increased by 2.2 h than ynat in control groups.
neck, trochanter，total hip:
To clarify the cellular distribution and characteristics of Presenilin 1 (PS1) in brain, we used immunohistochemistry and in situ hybridyzation methods to study the sporadic Alzheimer's disease brain, normal control human brain and rat brain
Study on Antitumor Activity of Naja Atra Venom Serum of Rat
One property of a pharmaceutical compound that can vary depending upon its polymorphic form is its rate of dissolution in aqueous solvent.
O 0 04 Furthermore, in the medical arts, a syringe assembly typically includes a sharp pointed needle for administering fluids to patients either directly or into intravenous apparatus, and in various blood drawing applications either with syringes or with specialized holders for filling evacuated tubes.
study on that role of Weikang Jiaowan of the protective function in gastric mucosal injury of model rat with Duodenogastric reflux
Effects of overexpression of haFGF and nm-haFGF on breast cancer cell multiplication and c-fos,c-jun mRNA expression
The characteristics of the binding reaction of titan yellow(TY) with bovine serum albumin(BSA) were studies by fluorescence and ultraviolet-visible absorption spectra
All the patients were randomly divided into an experimental group and a control group.
It makes the rate of water loss, mildew and putridity of the strawberry deceased (\%P\%strawberry fruit increased markedly(\%P\%< 0 05), and the activity of SOD enhanced, stablity of the cell membrane improved and the content of MDA reduced(\%P\%< 0 01
CSF and sera IFN-γ level in syphilitic patients with serum recurrence
Whole blood from a healthy donor was collected into a polypropylene tube containing 5 units of heparin per ml of whole blood.
The Relationship between Liver,Kidney Apoptosis and p53 in Chronic Fluorosis Rsts
WISP1b was predominantly expressed in testicle,brain,skin and ovary.
Effects of hydrogen peroxide(H2O2), surfactants, triazine herbicides on the photolysis of acetochlor, and the mechanism of the photointeractions with PNDA as a
Effects of Exogenous Calcium on the Growth and the Physiological Properties of Potentilla flagellaris Willd. ex Schlecht Under Salt Stress
typically methyl, ethyl and propyl.
Namely, the present inventors successfully produced a V8 protease derivative having enzymatic activity by expressing an S.aureus V8 protease derivative fusion protein as an inclusion body in an E.coli expression system, solubilizing the same by urea, releasing the V8 protease derivative moiety from the fusion protein by using OmpT protease in the presence of urea and finally refolding (Yabuta, M., Ochi, N.and Ohsuye, K.Appl.Microbiol.Biotechnol.44:118-125, 1995).
Transcriptional expression of the genes implicated in angiogenesis and tumor invasion in cervical carcinomas
Most commonly used DNA barcodes in zoological study is cytochrome C oxidase subunit Ⅰ(COI).
A fresh muscle specimen is taken and is fixed, macerated, depigmented, decalcified and stained by 10% formalin, and then acidic differentiation solution (which is prepared by 1 part of hydrochloric acid and 100 parts of 70% alcohol solution) is adopted to decolorize.
Effects of metoprolol on P-wave dispersion in patients with chronic heart failure and dilated cardiomyopathy
A novel point mutation(Asp316His)in γ chain of fibrinogen found in one patient with hypofibrinogenemia
Study on the clinical value of changes of serum total bile acids in newborn Hyperbilirubinemia
The optimum reaction conditions were as follows: n(p-hydroxyben zoic) : n(benzalcohol) : n(xylene)=1:3:5; m(p-hydroxybenzoic):m(SO42-/TiO2-Al2 O3)=100:7; the reaction was run at reflux for 4h.
The thinking is that fasting for periods of as short as 16 to 24 hours seems to induce a state of mild stress in the body. The brain releases additional neurotrophic proteins that help stimulate and support the growth of neurons and other cells, heightening their responsiveness and activity. Just as exercise makes muscles stronger, fasting makes the brain stronger, Dr. Mattson says. The body chemicals produced by fasting and exercise also could help boost people's moods.
sixty-five case had positive CT findings and other 5 case were negative
3 . a composition as claimed in claim 1 wherein the hydrophobic monomer ( A ) comprises of derivatives of acrylic acid selected from the group consisting of cyclohexyl acrylate , dodecyl acrylate , 2 ethyl hexyl acrylate , octyl acrylate , tertiary butyl acrylate , phenyl acrylate and butyl acrylate .
The target genetic restriction enzyme segment is used to prepare probe, and Southern hybridization is conducted on PCR positive plants according to the instructions of DIG High Prime DNA Labeling and Detection Starter Kit I.
synthesis of benzyl acetate catalyze by SO_4~ ( 2- ) -MoO_3-TiO_2
The median effective dose and 95% confidence interval(95% CI) of 0. 375% ropivacaine volume were calculated using the probit regression method.
The bone marrow mononuclear cells(BMMNCs) is a combination of cell population,including mesenchymal stem cells,endothelial progenitor cells and hematopoietic stem cells.
The melon and fruit immunizing agent provided by the invention comprises the following active components in parts by weight: 1-5 parts of chitosan and derivatives thereof and 0.1-1 part of lentinan, wherein the lentinan is water-soluble lentinan; the chitosan and the derivatives thereof are water-soluble chitosan and derivatives thereof.
Morphology and Properties of Zein Ultrafine Fibrous Membranes Adjusted and Controlled by PLA
Methods: Vincristine was administered intravenously on alternate days until five injections,after the model of chemotherapy-induced neuropathic pain was established successfully,Gastrodin was administered intravenously.Mechanical allodynia was measured through observing withdraw claw reaction of rat using electronic Von Frey.
Doubt the validity of serum pharmacology, emphasize the ex vivo experiments on multiple levels
Shot you through and through, no bone, nowhere near the femoral artery. It's all good. You'll probably get a promotion. Good
THE STUDY OF GENE LOCATION,CHROMOSOME MARKER AND GENETIC LAW OF COAT COLOUR IN THE PIG
The paper present an investigation on the chara cteristic of laser light transporting in human artery and vein with the aid of t he primary theories of photo-biology, elementary medical science and physics. D iffuse reflectance R and transmittance T of human artery and vein samp les is measured by a standard integrating spheres system, using He-Ne laser in 632.8nm wavelength and the absorbance A was deduced. The scattering phase f unction S(θ) is obtained by the experimental arrangement repacked from a spec
Inhibition of chemical and physical methods on bacteria colony of fresh-cut potato in preservation
Objective:To evaluate the clinical signification of coagulation indexes prothrombin time(PT),activated partial thromboplastintime(APTT),plasma thrombin time(TT),fibrinogen(Fib) in normal pregnancywomen induced hypertension.
The Prognosis Factors of Krukenburg Tumor
for modular cut tobacco with better aroma quality, inadequate aroma volume, miscellaneous gas and higher irritation, the lower temperature is utilized in the front section to reduce excessive chemical reaction of an aroma precursor;
The scaffold was implanted in defects at the root segment of the lumbar transverse process on a rabbit model.Bone tissue samples were collected after 12 weeks of implant surgery.New bone formation in the defects was assessed using histological analysis in reference to a control nanofibrous composite of nHAP/PDLLA.
Comparison among L20B,RD and Hep-2 cells applied to isolate and identify polioviruses
Studies on the Synthesis and Properties of Linear Saturated Polyesters and Copolyesters;
the anastomosis device ( 16) is release from that anastomosis introducer instrument ( 10), such as by fully dispense its proximal end
Another object of the present invention is to provide a pharmaceutical composition for preventing or treating diabetes and its complications, which contains the Quamoclit angulata extract.
Study on Introducing Powdery Mildew Resistance Gene into Common Wheat by Tissue Culture and Mutation
Methods:Selected from January 2010 to June 2011 to our hospital for treatment of 128 cases of acute myocardial infarction patients with coronary artery angiography results and the light of ecg changes analysis in research of ecg myocardial infarction(according to the symptoms in patients,mainly was the right ventricular myocardial infarction ARVI) diagnosis value.
Studies on Biology of Stocks and Genetic Diversity of Coreius Heterodon (Bleeker)
Effect of 1α, 25-(OH)_2D_3 on Rat's Osteoblasts in Vitro
Likewise, enantiomer-enriched.alpha.-hydroxycarboxylic amides can be obtained starting from a cyanide donor, an aldehyde or ketone in the presence of an oxynitrilase and a nitrile hydratase.
TMEPAI in MDA-MB-231 cells was knockdowned and the expressions of phosphatase and tensin homologue(PTEN) and p27kip1 were detected.
Study on Nanometer Composition Coatings of Styrene-butyl acrylate/ montmorillonite
The results show increasing numbers of soil pathogenic microbes with prolonged planting, the main reason for disease occurrence and spread of soil-borne diseases
leveling agent with polyether chain was synthesized with N-vinylimidazole and 1, 4-butanediol diglycidyl ether as raw materials. The structure of the leveling agent was characterized by FT-IR and 1H NMR spectroscopy
in that case of reconnection of the vein to the artery
Effect of Hydroxyethyl Acrylate on the Properties of Polyurethane-Acrylics Hybrid Latexes
Because hydrogen peroxide and builders such as citric acid and citrates impair the stability of enzymes in LDL compositions, it is desirable to reduce or eliminate the levels of these compounds in compositions which contain enzymes.
Objective: To explore the psychological and physiological influence of nursing intervention through preoperative visit on patients
During inoculation with the bacteria E. coli DSM 6367, as well as during preparation of the samples, sterile conditions were used.
Conclusion Polymorphisms of KIR genes may be associated with susceptibility to TB infection.
Methods Totally 205 elderly cadres with acute ischemic stroke were classified based on TOAST criteria.CT angiography(CTA) data were evaluated for carotid artery plaque and carotid artery stenosis in the carotid artery segment.
Results: 47 cases were detected malignant and dysplasia cells. 23 cases were detected benign and hyperplasia cells. The CEA positive rates were 55.3% and 17.3% respectively( P <0 05).
Effect of Erythromycin on Airway Inflammation in Asthmatic Guinea Pigs
Visual saliency detection plays an important role in image segmentation.
The Clinical Study of Using Tramadol for Postoperative Epidural Analgesia in Children
The paper produces nano-ZnO/NR, nano-ZnO/SBR, nano-CaCO3/NR and nano-CaCO3/SBR by mechanical compounding
Results The levels of serum AST,ALT,MDA and apoptosis in I/R group were markedly abnormal;but in N group,the above mentioned abnormal changes were significantly reduced and the level of NO was significantly higher as compared with I/R group(P<0.01),while NOS remained relatively unchanged in N group.
Angiographic features and clinical significance of coronary myocardial bridges
Methods A randomized two-stage cross-over trial covering 18 weeks was used in the study.
The utility model has the advantages of accurate interventional positioning, real-time therapy process reflection, therapy effect presentation, being capable of preventing over therapy and reducing the untoward effect after healing.
Study on the relationship of Nursing intervention and digesting system syndrome of nasopharyngeal cancer treated by simultaneous chemical and radiation therapy
No wound infection, DVT, coxa vara or ANFH occurred in these cases
The doctor is looking for a blood donor for the scarely blood type patient.
Serial neurophysiology is useful for monitoring conduction.
and by 59% when the confronting nucleotide was deoxyguanylic acid.
A Chinese medicinal composition for treating paraplegia is prepared by comminuting Radix Astragali, Hirudo, Placenta Hominis, Asterias amurensis Lutken, Radix Notoginseng, Ovum Eriocheir sinensis, Radix Rehmanniae Preparata, Rhizoma Gastrodiae, Eupolyphaga Seu Steleophaga, Ligamentum cervi, Rhizoma Chuanxiong, Cordyceps, Sanguis Draxonis; adding Mel; mixing and preparing into honeyed pills or granules.
Cloning and sequencing of Shatian pomelo Huanglongbing pathogen 16S rDNA
Synthesis Process Optimization of Heterocyclic Chalcone Derivative by Phase Transfer Catalysis
Results In both rat models of experimental liver fibrosis, there was no significant difference in the TIMP1 gene expression level in the rat liver tissue between the low or moderate dose hALR treating group and model group in different periods of treatment
PVDF,PVP,PVDF/PVP with different blend ratios and PVDF-g-PVP graft copolymer with different grafting degree were characterized by Fourier transform infrared(FTIR).
Antiemetic drugs before and after treatment,21~28 d for a period of two cycles to undertake an assessment of the patient’s condition.
Calculated data were with X2 test or FISHER test and there was significantly difference when P<0.05.
It was shown that the growth of the complex was strongest at their 2 to 3 ages, the leaves will developed with high photosynthetic rate, and a low abortion in pistils leading to a higher rate of fruit set and larger fruit size
(F) fluidized activation energy (Ea (kJ/mol) ) and d are satisfied with 127-0.107d < Ea < 88-0.060d.
Diagnosing lower ureteral obstruent disease using intraluminal sonograghy
After injection, the state of rats got better by observing the swelling of anklebone and toes、hair color and action state
[Objective] This study aimed to clone the PsSFBB gene from Xinjiang pear for bioinformatics analysis.
in invasive use, i. e. on ventilate patients
The fertilizer has a certain antagonistic effect on pathogenic bacterium strains which can cause the wheat take-all disease, so the fertilizer has a good control effect on the wheat take-all disease, furthermore the trace elements in the fertilizer can increase the starch and protein contents in wheat grains, and has an excellent control effect on aphid generated after the revival period.
Methods Twelve patients were received intra-arterial chemotherapy or received intra-arterial chemotherapy and embolism chemotherapy(ADM 50 mg or DDP 60 mg,5-Fu 0.5~0.75,MMC 10 mg,HCPT 10 mg). They were repeated for 4 weeks.
[WT5”HZ]Results [WT5”BZ]There is a marked difference between the ratios of H/L of the normality group and of hepatitis,hepatocirrhosis group ( t=2.214,P <0.05).
The suitable temperature for spore germination was 15 - 28℃ , the optimum temperature was 25-28℃ . Temperature over 30℃ inhibited spore germination. The suitable temperature of feritilization and growth of young sporophyte was 25-28℃, the optimum temperature being 28℃ .
As shown in image DU1B, the frequency spectrum of image DU1B includes a spectrum SP2 having a somewhat lower intensity than spectrum SPM and a spectrum SP1 having a somewhat lower intensity than spectrum SPO.
The observation of anatomical structure showed that the epidermal thickness of ‘Yuanling’ was significantly higher than that of ‘Jun’ at different development stages,so was for the cuticle thickness of the two varieties 80 d and 90 d after full bloom.The size of epidermal cell of ‘Yuanling’ was significantly smaller than that of ‘Jun’ jujube during 70 to 90 days after full bloom.However,the size of flesh cell showed no difference between the two varieties.
Methods We selected 129 cases of the craniocerebral injury coma patients whose GCS (Glassgow coma score) are ≤8. We divided them into two groups at random:one is given routine treatments, the other is given Chinese tradition drug based on routine treatments. We observe the effects of antihyperthermia and wakening ratio at one week and GOS (Glassgow outcome scores) in two groups
A1,B1 group of patients,there was no significant difference(P> 0. 05) of efficiency in group A and group B;24h urine volume in group A than in group B,the difference was not statistically significant(P> 0. 05).
the headgear assembly can be removably connected to the connection structures 72 to maintain the nasal assembly 10 in a desired position on the patient 's face .
LA can promote the proliferation of EC and inhibit the proliferation of SMC, improve antioxidation level and biochemical index of the EC and SMC injured by H_2O_2, protect EC and SMC from oxidative damage.
the result revealed ( 1) in vitro invasion ability of all offspring cell line were enhanced significantly, Es3 and Ts3 cells had acquired ability of lymph node metastasis in nude mice but Bs3 could not form metastasis. this suggest that invasion is a very important property for metastasis formation but some other properties are also required ( 2) that proliferation rate of Es3 and Ts3 in nude mice was not different significantly comparing to their parental cells
polypeptide protein micro-beads medicine preparation method
A new apparatus for carrying out vapor/solid polymerization initiated by UV light has been designed.The system relies on monomer photolysis and the benzophenone/triethanolamine system to initiate polymerization of vinyl acetate to afford poly(vinyl acetate) on the surface of biaxially oriented polypropylene(BOPP) film and glass respectively.The poly(vinyl acetate) formed on the surface of the BOPP film was shown to be partly crosslinked(up to 46%),while that formed on the surface of the glass could all pass...;
△ Except disappearance of focus, pathological examination of gastric mucosal erosion is generally similar to pre-treatment condition.
it therefore considers the role of gender in international migration and the impact on gender-related issues.
Breeding of L-histidine Producer
By down-regulating the expression of MMP-2-mRNA,ligustrazine has a significant inhibitory effect on the adhesion and invasiveness of MDA-MB-231 cells.
The C'-fixing activity was lost with heat denaturation of the tropocollagen, but could be recovered in a concentration-dependent process on cooling.
inflict injury while inserting that catheter can create serious complication such as allowing an infection on the inner wall of the lumen or body cavity to enter the blood stream,
Catalysis and synthesis of isoamyl salicylate by microwave method
Effects of digestive tract probiotics on immune enzyme activity and anti-WSSV ability of Litopenaeus vannamei
Method for restoring hexavalent chromium-polluted soil by utilizing microbial fermentation
specifically, that skin external composition contain the ortho-dihydroxyisoflavone derivatives, 4', 6, 7-trihydroxyisoflavone, 3', 4', 7-trihydroxyisoflavone or a mixture thereof, and thus increase the expression of DKK3 protein and FZD1 protein, which appropriately control Wnt signaling, thereby inhibiting epidermal hyperproliferation and alleviating inflammatory skin disease caused by epidermal hyperproliferation
significance of standardize photic stimulation in diagnosis of children with epilepsy
Clinical study of sex hormone and lipid metabolism in postmenopausal women with myocardial infarction
that with biotherapy was 26 month with a 2-year survival rate of 38.5%,
The present invention relates to thiazolidinedione analogues that are useful for treating hypertension.
Results Based on indirect sandwich ELISA,the cut-off value for serum MUC1 was 1. 98 μg·L-1,the sensitivity was 62. 5%,the specificity was 100% and the Youden index was 0. 6250. While based on the CA15-3 kit,the sensitivity was 18. 75%,the specificity was 100% and the Youden index was 0. 187 5. Conclusion The indirect ELISA kit is superior to the CA15-3 kit in detecting MUC1 in lung cancer.
Peripheral intravenous catheters 114 are typically designed for temporary placement.
Method Plasma antibodies to heat stress proteins were determined with improved ELISA
study in mutation of muskmelon genome DNA due to Low energy N~+ implantation use RAPD
There is also provided a method of treating, or reducing the risk of atherosclerosis by preventing and/or reducing the formation of new atherosclerotic lesions or plaques and/or by preventing or slowing progression of existing lesions and plaques in a person suffering from or at risk of, said disease or condition, wherein the method comprises administering to the person a therapeutically effective amount of a compound of formula (I) or a pharmaceutically acceptable salt thereof.
Methods Thirty children with rotaviral enteritis were randomly divided into control group and therapy group.
Expression of COX-2 and VEGF in Human Oral Squamous Cell Carcinoma.
A dual-index sequential analysis method for analyzing the common and variant peak ratio of Rhodiola sachalinensis in infrared(IR)fingerprint was established.The common and variant peak ratio of eight kinds of samples from different production areas,germplasms and ploidies were measured and analyzed The results showed that the common peak ratio of H1 and H4 from similar regions was 88. 89%,and the variable peak ratio was 12. 50%.
Association between Angle class II division 2 malocclusion and congenital tooth anomalies
Establishment of rabbit carotid artery homograft valved conduits transplantation model
The recipient operation lasted for 8 h and 7 h with blood loss of about 800-1000 ml.The right hepatic vein,hepatic artery,portal vein and bile duct reconstruction were performed by end-to-end anastomoses in the 2 recipients.Bile duct anastomosis stricture occurred in the first recipient 2 months after transplantation and was treated with percutaneous transhepatic cholangiography and drainage.
Here, the hemolysate that can be used has a buffer concentration of osmotic pressure under which hemolysis is possible and pH of 7 to 8.5, and is preferably selected from a group consisting of TRIS, HEPES, TES, and PIPES.
Before the establishment of animal SAP model,the SAP group received the intravenous injection with the same volume of saline via the tail vein,while the combination group received the injection with edaravone.After the operation,the combination group received the intrgastric administration with Qingyi decoction once for each 12 h and continuously for 1 w.
Physiologically active agents include, for example, antibiotics or other compounds that inhibit infection; therapeutic agents for treating osteoporosis, other factors that act on bone and skeleton, bone morphogenetic proteins (BMPs), and other cytokines and the like that stimulate tissue growth, bone regeneration or wound healing.
The highest PRRSV titer was achieved with 0. 05 multiple of infection(MOI) on Marc-145 cells at 48 h post infection.
Philosophical Significance of Personal Therapy on Diabetic Retinopathy
(2)There was not significant difference between malignant and benign tumor(P>0 05),malignant tumor and normal tissue(P>0 2) and the metastasis and non-metastasis(P>0.3) in head and neck neoplasms.
54 cases were divided into two groups: simple BOT type and microinvasion type.Their VEGF expressions were analyzed by immunohistochemical methods.
Conclusion The result indicated that anemaran has a protective for the membranes of erythrocytes and possessed an antioxidant activity.
Preparation of the Fermentation Broth of Three Kinds of Beneficial Microorganism and Its Application Research on Pepper Seedling Raising
the protective effect of ulinastatin on pulmonary function dure cardiopulmonary bypass
Only 25% of empiric therapy was appropriate.
Regression Analysis of N-(2-Pyridyl)-N'-Phenyl Urea Affects on Root and Bud of Some Crops Seeds
Effect of sodium dodecyl sulfate (SDS) denaturant on activity and conformation of alkaline phosphatase from Haliotis diversicolor
in particular women, who have rise tumor markers but no clinical evidence of that disease are therefore at risk of the disease
OBJECTIVE To establish a HPLC method for the determinatione of ferulic acid in Cuiru Granules.
METHODS 72 cases of patients with transitional bladder cell carcinoma, use intravesical instillation by hyperthermia at the same time of the bladder instillation therapy.
The aim was to study the function of gp35 and gp38 in the host recognition of phage Bp7.The genes of tail fiber protein gp35 and gp38 were amplified and cloned into recombinant plasmid,which was transformed into BL21 and then induced by IPTG.The polyclonal antibodies against GST·gp35 and GST·gp38 were prepared to study the effection on the phage reproduction.
Men and women had similar rates of remission, defined as Hamilton depression scale score less than 8, when treated with clomipramine, and they had significantly higher remission rates with clomipramine than with the comparison treatments. Plasma concentrations of clomipramine, which were measured weekly in a subgroup of 110 patients, were significantly higher for women than for men.
Excluding the Yili, the interpopulation nucleotide divergence between Huoyan and the remaining breeds, was 0.211%-0.272%, which was significantly higher than that between any other two breeds(0-0.094
Clinical application of QCT determination in bone mineral density(analysis of 2784 cases)
171F2 dikaryons derived from randomly mating individuals of the full-sib monokaryons of Lentinula edodes were served as mapping population.An easy method using genotype data deduced from the two mating monokaryons was applied to construct a new linkage map of L. edodes.
Such compositions make it possible to combat the cutaneous activation of the androgens, including testosterone and the adrenalin androgens, over the course of time.
Study on the Cytoplasmic Male Sterile Line of Chinese Sorghum Jinong 105 The Combing Ability Analysis of Main Characters
The amount of enzyme employed depends on the incubation temperature, period and other reaction conditions, e.g.pH.
During the process of culture, many cleavage cells were observed in group 2 whereas no cleavage cells were observed in group 1
On-line Concentration and Determination of Sialic Acid in Saliva Using Micellar Electrokinetic Chromatography
in that above, R1 is independently H, a substitute or unsubstituted straight-chain or branched-chain alkyl group, or a substitute or unsubstituted straight-chain or branched-chain alkoxy group
Results After using different concentrations crocin for 24 hours,CNE2 cells was suppressed both in proliferation and migration ability in a dose-dependent way.But when the crocin concentration is higher than 0. 8 mmol/L,cell morphology would significantly change,or even died.
NO has displayed its beneficial effects on DN's prevention through interrupting the deleterious effects of several potential therapeutic targets of DN, including that of transforming growth factor- B (TGF- B), accumulation of extra-cellular matrix, reactive oxygen intermediates (ROI), and protein kinase C (PKC), et al.
Materials and Methods:CTVE examinations was performed in the 38 pations with supine position and prone position.
Mg-Al hydrotalcite compounds were synthesized using the co-precipitation method and characterized by infrared spectra(IR).
TED is believed to be mediated (detrimentally increased) by defects created in the silicon during the implantation process.
Heterologous expression of fungal cellobiohydrolase 2 genes in yeast
the numerical value solution of dye Q-switch laser rate equation
Objective To understand the clinical characteristics and the transformation law of eye surface cytology of allergic conjunctivitis.
For example, patients can be treated with lower-cost drugs that are off-patent
68Ga-NOTA-RGD-BBN is a promising agent for PET imaging of both GRPR+/(integrin αvβ3 low expression) and GRPR-/integrin αvβ3+ cancers.
Ferulate of pachymaran(FP) was synthesized from pachyman,using the ferulic acid(FA) as an esterifying agent,toluene as a watercarrying agent and DMSO as a solvent.And the spectral characteristics before and after esterification were compared.
This proved that the edible mushrooms could be regarded as the necessary supplement for human being to obtain amino acids.
EGb761 (1.75 g/L) significantly inhibited 44.13% of contraction response of colonic smooth muscle cells caused by Ach (P<0.01).
Experimental Studies of Osteogenic Potential of PDLLA/HA with Bone Marrow Stromal Cells
After the opening and closing of the corresponding valves, the liquid is thereupon filled from the arterial line into the venous line.
Clinical Analysis of Curing Intracranial Infetion by Injecting Vancomycin into Cerebral Ventricle and Canalis Spinalis
Analysis of results of health education on diabetic patients
Method:Sclerotherapy was applied to 5 patients with liver alveolar hydatidosis by percutaneous transhepatic puncture injecting pure alcohol under ultrasound guidance. Liquefaction necrosis was drawn 10 50%,then pure alcohol was injected into the cavities,5 punctures at most were needed for each patient.
Research progress of long non-coding RNAs in human prostate cancer
The constituents of the tablet cores are, if necessary, ground to the desired particle size, mixed homogeneously with one another at the same time or in a specific sequence and, optionally, granulated by moistening with water, dispersing and drying the granular mass.
The ratio of CD34+ cells in bone marrow MNCs of patients with MDS were increased markedly than that in control group,which was significantly lower in the patients with AA.
The curing kinetics of flexible unsaturated polyester /methyl methacrylate resin( FUP /MMA) and flexible unsaturated polyester resin / coal fly ash( FUP / MMA / CFA) system was studied with non-isothermal DSC
Conclusion Oazin trapped mice are useful tool for analysis the function of Oazin gene in mouse development
Within the linear range,the correlation coefficients(r) of PEN G and its metabolites were all more than 0. 997 4. Accuracies for these targeted compounds were ranged from 92. 3% to 105. 5%,and the within-day precisions were less than 10%.
Growth inhibition, apoptosis induction and expression regulation of associated genes of the tumor cells L78, treated with DFMO
Conclusion: The expression level of WT1 mRNA in NSCLC tissues is higher than that in the corresponding para-cancerous tissues.The overexpression of WT1 can promote the proliferation of NSCLC H1299 cells.It is suggested that WT1 may act as an oncogene in NSCLC.
Note 2: The highest temperature in clinical practice should be considered when selecting the temperature. For polymers, the selected temperature should be lower than the glassifying temperature.
influence of sit position on pulmonary hemodynamics and intrapulmonary shunt in neurosurgery
Quantitative immunoassays utilize the specificity of the antigen (Ag)-antibody (Ab) reaction to detect and quantitate the amount of an Ag or Ab in a sample.
These thresholds were also observable for other enzymes involved in C cycle responsible for the decomposition of cellulose and hemicelluloses
This Master’s degree dissertation mainly studied the syntheses of cis-and trans-DB30C10-based derivatives(including diols and crytands) and their complexation with paraquat and diquat
Intellectual development: Intellectual development index and psychological movement development index were significantly higher in early education group than in control group (103.94±7.64, 111.20±9.40; 93.92±5.18, 99.22±5.52, t=8.3,4.7, P < 0.01
Relationship between Straight Back Syndrome and Pregnancy
Interpretation of 2011 DHHS guidelines for antiretroviral therapy in HIV/AIDS
The technique for attaching the substance for solid phase binding to the second human monoclonal antibody to obtain the second antibody capable of binding to the solid phase is known in the art.
(3) Combined effect of variation of GSTM1 and CYP1A1 increased risk in overexpression of serum p53 protein.
The residue was purified by silica gel column chromatography (methylene chloride:ethanol=100:0 to 99:1) to give 7-(2-thienyl)-3- [3,5-di-O-(p-toluoyl)-2-deoxy-1-.beta.-D-ribofuranosyl]-3- H-imidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (Rf 0.38/methylene chloride:ethanol=49:1) (1.33 g, yield 60%).
Mean arterial pressure(MAP),heart rate(HR) and SpO2 were maintained at the time points of prior to anesthesia,loss of eyelash reflex,placement of laryngeal mask,bronchofibroscope through the vocal cords,five minutes after bronchofibroscope passage down the vocal cords and completion of check-up.Records were also kept concerning the induction time,awakening from anesthesia,duration of orientation force recovery,frequencies of body response at stage IV,extra dosage of propofol and occurrences of bucking,hiccupping and hypoxemia.
To evaluate the interrelationship between the traditional Chinese medicine the Kidney-Yin Deficiency Syndrome and the metabolism of hypothalamic monoaminic neurotransmitters after the lesion of arcuate nucleus (ARC). Methods: Rats were injected with monosodium glutamate(MSG, at 2, 4, 6, 8, 10 days after born. 4mg/g body weight, s.c.) during the neonatal period, then the contents of hypothalamic monoaminic transmitters were determined with HPLC and the changes of increase of body weight were observed. Results
the procedure cause bleeding, bruise, trauma
(iii) culturing the cell detected or selected in step (ii).
Research Progress of Silicon Containing Polymers by Thiol-ene Chemistry
From recent studies on different kinds of neoplasms, it is confirmed that the metastasized tumor is often accompanied by decrease or absence in expression of KAIl/CD82 gene. Recent study showed that parts of TM4SF and integrin can form a complex, which can regulate adhesive function of integrin and influence integrin mediated cell metastasis
sputum is a main sample for clinical t of tuberculosis
it makes possible to primarily make identification of genetic resource by inserting the corroded metal material in the gene disk on dna damage by fire or unexpected accidents.
substantial inhibition may be seen only with nmi to h3po4 ratio of about 1: 5 or greater, which, in part, may be due to that increase viscosity of the medium.
Women with cancer of the uterine corpus have a breast cancer risk significantly higher than that of the general population, and women with breast cancer have a comparably increased endometrial cancer risk
Study on Physiological Changes during Storage and Fresh-keeping Technology of Pomegranate
Objective : To investigate the clinical effect of viaminate capsules and viaminate cream in acne vulgaris
Conclusion The quality of life for rectum cancer patients with artificial anal was effectively improved by comprehensive nursing.
Clinical Observation on Treatment of Pleural Effusion Secondary to Lung Cancer with the Treatment Method of Warming Yang and Invigorating Qi, Dispersing Mass and Expelling Fluid Retention Combined with Chemotherapy
Objective To study the method and approach of microsurgical treatment for the craniopharyngiomas.
Results showed that with the increase in copper sulfate concentration and temperature and decrease in complexing agent ratio,the Cu deposition rate was increased but bath stability decreased;with increasing formaldehyde concentration and rare earth content,the Cu deposition rate was increased at first and then decreased.
A comparison study of laparoscopic versus open liver lobectomy (segmentectomy) for hepatocellular carcinoma
Research about diffuse large-B-cell lymphoma classification base on Logistic regression model
the other two plasmid, pCMV-YVDD-LMAQ and pCMV-YIDD-LMAQ, in which mutations were locate in two separate positions, were constructed by a two-steps mutagenesis experiment
Polylactides have become extraordingbiodegradable polymers.They were used as internalfixation devices,temporary scaffoldings fortransplanted cells and drug controlled releasematerials in the bone surgical field.Some advances inthese materials researches were reviewed and someunsoluted problems were exhibited and discussed.;
This publication indicates that the use of reducing agents does not adversely affect the morphology or tissue shrinkage temperature of the tissue.
Objective To analyze and compare cytokine levels in treatment-na?ve and-experienced patients with chronic HCV infection,and to investigate correlation between those immunological factors and antiviral therapy efficacy.
Plackett-Burman design was first used to evaluate the influence of six related factors: bran, bean dregs, NH4Cl, SDS, L-phenylalanine
Investigation of basic knowledge control and health education ability about essential hypertension from clinical nurses
dwarfing male sterile wheat is a dwarf marked male sterile material, carrying the gene ms2 for male sterility and dominant dwarf gene rht10.
In the same sample, WST-1 and BrdU colorimetric ELISA were also used simultaneously to measure the DNA synthesis and metabolic activity of VSMC
In the practice of administering active substances to plants, for example, in the treatment of periodically appearing diseases with a high risk of infection or pest attack, there are many cases where an effective concentration is to be maintained over a longer period of time.
Some examples of MRI smart contrast agents include, but are not limited to, contrast agents that are sensitive to the calcium concentration in a body, or those that are sensitive to pH.
Crosses from common wheat(Triticum aestivum 2n=6x=42) andemmet Khapli(T.dicoccum 2n=4x=28) are different in number ofinherited genes due to different varieties of common wheat.Two dom-inant genes resistant to races Gui-bai 4,16 and 20 of powdery mildeware easily to be passed to inheritable background of hexanploid wheat
solution/aqueous suspension (D) is prepared of soluble or partially soluble sources of at least one metal X, at least one metal Y and a hydrolyzable compound of aluminium
the spread of HIV/AIDS; and that impact of malaria on under-five mortality rate ( U5MRs
study on characteristic of calcium uptake by YoungFruit of apple ( Malus pumila ) and its regulation by hormone
This article reviewed the history of surgical treatment,clinical classification and surgical efficacy on the basis of the sites of obstruction and surgical plans.
Ultrasound Diagnosis and Treatment of Biliary Complications after Liver Transplantation
The collected ethyl acetate layers were evaporated to dryness.
B-lactamase recombination substrates were amplified by preparatory PCR from host plasmids (provided by W.Schoenfeld) using the primer pairs KNS36/KNS37 for Oxa5 (accession X58272), KNS7/KNS8 for Oxa7 (accession X75562), and KNS9/KNS10 for Oxa11 (accession Z22590).
Grafting of PET electrospun membrane by Low-temperature plasma treatment
The median titer remained reduced at 3 to 6 months after transplantation at 4(range,0-64)at RT phase and 8(range,1-64)at AHG phase.
Compared with the results of control group,the treatment group had significantly short operative time,blood loss,chest tube drainage,chest tube indwelling time,antibiotic use time and postoperative hospital stay.
Objective To explore the feasibility of preparation of porcine model of hepatic cirrhosis by gastrostomy tube assisted with diet control
Clinical analysis of 186 cases of microtrauma cholecystectomy by direct view
Objective To observe the DNA release from Pseudomonas aeruginosa (P. aeruginosa) during spontaneous growth and exposure to different concentrations of ciprofloxacin (Cipro) in vitro.
in vitro antibacterial activity of different ratios from match cefuroxime/tazobactam against clinical isolates
the polymer chain comprises at least 10 glucose units and at least 1 acetyl group per glucose unit.
21. The immunological composition prepared as in claim 14 wherein the viral antigen is a bovine antigen.
Conclusions:The combination of Utilin"S" and postoperative chemotherapy can improve the immune function and the tolerance to chemotherapy in colorectal carcinoma patients.
The effect of ulinastatin on soluble triggering receptor expressed on myeloid cells-1 in patients with sepsis
The subjects who were not diagnosed as diabetes were subjected to oral glucose tolerance test(OGTT)(75g).Height,weight,blood pressure,fasting blood glucose,postprandial blood glucose,blood lipid,liver and renal function were determined on the same day.
extrinsic allergic alveolitis
strong antibody response against both that HBs and PreS1 epitopes were induc ed in BALB/c mice immunize with this purified protein.
Metrological Study on Prescription Regularity of Treatise on Differentiation and Treatment of Seasonal Febritle Diseases;
the study of that outgrowth stimulate effects of bFGF and EGF on neonatal rat hippocampal neuron
in addition off pancreas pour into with protect liquid, bilaminar method using pancreas preservative fluid and Langerhans's islands purify solution while being intraductal.
Results 158 cases were treated with balloon dilation,6 cases were cured with balloon dilation and stent implantation,4 cases were cured with balloon dilation and electrocoagulation treatment and a case with balloon and Savary-Gilliard dilator,and all the patients had different extent curative effect.
Weeds and alien invasive plants have caused tremendously ecological and socio-economic damages and loses worldwide,therefore,it is important to study origin and evolution of weeds for their effective management.
To test the hypothesis that osteoclasts stimulate angiogenesis,we modulated osteoclast formation in fetal mouse metatarsal explants or in adult mice and determined the effect on angiogenesis.
Objective:To evaluate clinical effects of dynamic hip screw combine trochanteric stabilizing plate in treatment of unstable intertrochanteric fracture of femur.
followed by action of proteolytic enzymes such as trypsin , pepsin , ficin , papain and elastinase , thereby obtaining collagen .
The results showed that the content of tubulin changed after exposed to enhanced UV-B radiation compared with the control.The contents of tubulin in different UV-B treatment groups were increased firstly and then decreased.
The photovoltaic conversion efficiency of the Au nanoparticle surface plasmon enhanced polymer solar cell based on poly(3-hexylthiophene-2, 5-diyl)(P3HT) and -phenyl C61 butyric acid methyl ester(PCBM) system was investigated
In a theory therein, it is considered that the S. sanguis widely existing in dental plaque actually plays a role in inducing platelet aggregation.
The mixture was then poured into ice water and extracted with ethyl acetate.
the agent has safe use, and can effectively prevent and cure prawn leukopathia syndrome.
Methods: The gene protein of P14ARF and P53 in human tumor tissue were detected in 16 advanced cancer patients treated with E1B-55KD-deleted adenorvirus by immunohistochemistry assay, to analyse the relationship between the expression status of the gene protein of P14ARF and P53 in tumor tissue and the efficacy of E1B-55 KD -deleted adenovirus.
The rate of flesh content, general nutritional composition and amino acids composition for 10 crucian carps in Qi-river were determined, its nutritional value was also synthetically evaluated.The rate of flesh content for Qi-river crucian carp was 65.72%.Its protein and fat content were 19.39%, 2.96% respectively.Total content of 17 amino acids was 18.22%.Total content of 7 essential amino acids was 7.37%.The essential amino acid ind
TRICKS imaging with tissue perfusion analysis can evaluate the blood supply of lower limb soft tissue conditions.
Tissue Factor Influence on Invasion and Metastasis of Human Gastric Cancer Cells Line
In this study, anxiety of experimental animals was evaluated by an elevated plus maze (EPM).
Inhibitory effects of orally taken etomidate on nociceptive stimulation in rats
Different from their results (since they applied intensity-modulated radiotherapy technology, the frequency of ulcer occurrence is 39% when aV20>22.82cm3, and 10.7% when aV20≤22.82cm3), our results were obtained with the more advanced TOMO technology, which can offer more ideal applicability in target area and better dose homogeneity, so the irradiated volume with the same dose could increase, and the security could be better guaranteed
Clinical observation on treatment of pediatric femoral shaft fractures with operation
This sort of tree and bud formation indicates there's inflammation; there's likely to be infection. OK
Nursing care during the process of pulmonary emphysema model
with the advent of monoclonal antibodies , the possibility of developing methods for customized therapy have become more realistic since each antibody can be directed to a single epitope .
A retrieval study and analysis of 56 cases traumatic radial nerve injuries
Repair of bone defect with implantation of complex of marrow stromal stem cell and calcium phosphates artificial bone
The invention discloses a Chinese medicament for treating ichthyosis,
The relation between the development of embryonic esophagus and cell apoptotic factors,including Bcl-2,Bax,p53,and HSP70,has been widely studied.
5-[(4-fluoro-3-methyl-phenyl) carbamoyl]-1-methyl-pyrrole-3-sulfonyl chloride (1.96 g) was stirred in CH2Cl2(90 mL).
if that enzyme digestion product contain two strips, the wheat to be measure is weak winter wheat;
Have reduce trichomonad effect puissantly, it is medicaments of ill first selection of remedial vagina trichomonad
Result It may indicate that R groups of RCo(DH) 2·H 2O were included within the cavities and planars involving Co atom and axime ligand were placed near the wider opening of β-CD. Alkylcobaloxime and β-CD form a kind of 1:1 adducts. Furthermore it probably sugested that the photolysis of Co-C bond homolysis accord with first order reaction.
When the iPTH concentration had a increasing of 100pg/ml,for SS group,ALP concentration had an increasing of 118. 8U/L,but for simple SHPT group,ALP concentration only had a increasing of 24. 6U/L.
Objective The diarylmethylpiperazine moiety as active group frequently existing in the structures of H1 receptor antagonists and chromone-2-carboxylic acid moiety as active structure existing in leukotriene receptor antagonists were spliced on the basis of isostere and mosaic theory,and a series of diarylmethylpiperazine derivatives were synthesized and their antihistaminic activities were explored.
Study on dimensional accuracy of dental alginate impression materials impregnated with antimicrobial agents
The regression equations of the relationship between N,P,K and the effects on the yield were established. The results indicated that the yield of tea would increase with high nitrogen supply,and P,K had certain effects on it,the order is N>P>K,the interactions of N-P,N-K and P-K to the yield were significant.
The AR expression was positively correlated with age(r s =0. 302,P=0. 006)and pathological grade(r s =0. 225,P=0. 041),but was not correlated with tumor size or lymph node status.
The n-butanol wettable powder can be prepared from n-butanol phase extract of fresh ophiopogon root water extract by adding diatomaceous earth and nitrogen ketone.
Histological findings and HSP analysis of ischemic tolerance in gerbil
After half a month of operation, small patchy infiltration shadows in transplanted lung were found on x-ray film.The anastomosed vessels and bronchi were unobstructed. Grade 2 or 3 of rejection occurred in the transplanted lung.
(3) Masses were more commonly associated with medullary (90.9%) and mucinous carcinoma (81.0%). The statistically significant difference was seen in comparison with the other types of breast carcinoma (χ2=30.87, P<0.001). Masses with microcalcifications (99 cases)appeared in all kinds of breast carcinoma.
Burst Firing Patterns of Hippocampal CA1 Neurons in Vivo
Results:To observe the curative effect of TCM syndrome group the explicit rate 50. 00%,the control group show rate 51. 66%,two groups of comparisons difference was statistically significant(P > 0. 05);The observation group after treatment lipid levels before is improved,and the control group after treatment comparison difference have statistical significance(P < 0. 05).
Conclusion AGE-BSA decreased the expression of GLP-1 reccrptor mRNA.AGE-BSA could increased the expression of Caspase-3 protein and apoptosis in cultured rat cardiomyocytes.These data suggesting that AGE-BSA play an important role in diabetic cardiomyopathy.
in ord to solve that problem of treatment of alcoholic myocardiopathy.
The molecular structure of the raw material and the air-blown pitches was investigated by NMR, IR, and elemental analysis
interleukin 8, tumor necrosis factor alpha, interleukin 4, interleukin 10, transform growth factor beta-1, tumor necrosis factor beta, interleukin 3, interleukin 5, interleukin 7, interleukin 13, interleukin 15, interleukin 1 alpha, interleukin 1 beta
Screening of Mutant Strains with High Neutral Cellulase Activity
5, initial concentration of erythromycin 30 mg/L would lead to erythromycin degradation rate for 5d as high as 76. 6%.
insulin resistance ( ir ) is that los of sensitivity of the body towards insulin.
Screening, Mutagenesis and Enzymatic Properties of a Phytase Producing Strain
the ongoing of perforation aft that infection of cornea was related to many factor namely 2: ( 1) the cornea ulcer was treated correctly and duly
Insulin Receptor Substrate Proteins \A structurally-related group of signaling proteins that are phosphorylated by the INSULIN RECEPTOR PROTEIN-TYROSINE KINASE.
Salts of metals, amines or organic cations may be used for acidic drug compounds.
Mechanism of Biological Indication and Catalytic Degradation of Cytochrome P450 to Contaminants
Percutaneous treatment of caliceal diverticular calculi achieves excellent stone-free rates (87.5% to 100%) and successful obliteration of the diverticular cavity (76% to 100
Results: The best preparative technology in extraction with alcohol was selected out.
it can be use for treating autoimmune disease, such as multiple sclerosis ( an inflammatory demyelinating disease ) and cancer.
method for preparing various kinds of In-BLMC kit
Fermented Sausages and Microbial Starter Cultures
12 pairs of InDel primers and 44 pairs of SSR primers are designed in the primary localization region. Therein, S03-1, S03-42, Ind03-13 and Ind03-19 represent polymorphism between the parents, and 759 plants in F2 mapping population is further analyzed with the help of polymorphism primers.
Genetic distance and dendrogram showed considerably close relatedness among the 12 accessions. and the max genetic distance was 0.229.
Study on the relationship of calling cause,time and age for 2341 cases of Fuzhou 120 prehospital emergency system by correspondence analysis
hydroxypropyl cellulose and natural or synthetic gums .
After the homogeneity test and the stability test, the certified value and uncertainty were determined with GC, HPLC and GC-MS method by multi-laboratory certification, which was (260.66±1.8) mg/L
Benzene Functionalized MCM-41:Synthesis, Characterization, Sulfonylation and Reactions with Diamines
study on growth inhibitory effect of chemotherapeutic drug on that pancreatic cancer cell line-Aspc-1 and Bxpc-3
Observation and Nursing Care of Pulmonary Embolism Diagnosis by Using Nuclic Imaging of Pulmonary Ventilation or Pulmonary Perfusion
Effects of Lead on Calcium Uptake in Rat Neurons and the Influence of Calcium Channel Blocker
Evaluation of color Doppler ultrasound in diagnosis of obstructive azoospermia
the study attempts electrical stimulation and ultrasound in an attempt to analyze the effects of stretch receptors similar to mihran.
such as sodium lauryl sulfate; tetrabutylammonium hydrogensulfate; hexadecyl tributyl phosphonium bromide; or hexadecyltrimethylammonium bromide.
results : the hardness of tablet and particle size of chitosan have very weak effect on drug release profile . the release of optimized prescription accords with the pharmacopoeia of american ii
No complex alkaloid was detected in Arabidopsis thaliana till today.However,> 35 genes were annotated as NCSs [(S)-norcoclaurine synthases]-encoding genes involved in the biosynthesis of benzylisoquinoline alkaloids.
The Clinical Study of Angong Zhixue Fang in Treating Hemorrhage Period of Anovulatory Dysfunctional Uterine Bleeding with Blood Stasis and Caloric Form
Quantitive Analysing of Regional and Global left Ventricular Systolic Function Before and After PTCA by Doppler Tissue Imaging
Changes in visual acuity and macular edema were observed by optical coherence tomography.
Clinical significance and detection of ET-1 levels in hypoxic-ischemic encephalopathy
justicia as material is extract and separated through alcohol extraction, decompression concentrate, extracting, chromatography, eluting and other steps to obtain lignan, which has compound with obvious cytotoxicity on tumor cell.
Through the genetic manipulation of the biosynthesis genes, the biosynthesis of kosinostatin can be blocked, the output is changed, or novel compounds are produced.
Synthesis of Hydroxypivalic Acid by Oxidation of Hydroxypivalaldehyde with Bromine
Conclusions:open reduction and anatomical plate internal fixation for the treatment of clavicle fracture with claviclal fixation reliable, less complications, the curative effect is satisfactory.
The CXorf41 gene of the invention can be used as the peculiar marker gene for diagnosing liver cancer, facilitates the diagnosis on the liver cancer to be more accurate and rapid and provides new therapeutic targets and effective medicines for preventing and treating liver cancer.
Epithelial stem cell plays pivotal role in maintaining epithelial metabolism, hair follicle cycling, repairing the epidermis on injury, and has close relationship with skin tumorigenesis.
Methods The circadian expression patterns of the Clock and melatonin receptor genes (mt1, mt2) in the peripheral lymphocytes were determined by the method of semi-quantitative RT-PCR, and then analyzed by cosine software
BHa: a white, waxy phenolic antioxidant, CHO, used to preserve fats and oils, especially in foods
Longitudinal Study of Infants (0-6months) Feeding Practice of in Shihezi
Application of Apoptin in Anti-tumor Therapy and Tumorigenesis;
On the otherhand,the 2.3 kb mRNA could be identifiedin embryos of cleavage stages,blastula,gastrula and neurula and the quantity wasrather stable.
The effect of spore germination and pathogenecity of 4 parasitic fungi by 3 solvents and temperature was investigated.
interferent A through F were added at 50% reaction volume to that Bacillus subtilis assay.
With the using of Widrow-Hoff algorithm and single neuron algorithm, two kinds of self-adaptive PID controller are designed
as well as an agent for treating an ocular disease such as meibomian gland dysfunction or evaporative dry eye,
Conclusion Using blood glucose control and nursing intervention to maintain blood glucose in the normal range in patients with diabetes undergoing abdominal surgery at preoperative and postoperative period,the postoperative complications and mortality were the same as the patients without diabetes mellitus undergoing abdominal surgery.The patients with diabetes undergoing abdominal surgery can have a good prognosis as the patients without diabetes.
Determination of Bisphenol a Diglycidyl Ether(BADGE),Novolac Glycidyl Ethers(NOGE) and Its Derivatives in Canned Fish and Meat by Ultra-performance Liquid Chromatography with Tandem Mass Spectrometry
inhibitory effect of high mobility group box 1 antisense nucleotide on Invasi on of human pancreatic cancer cell line PCNA-1
The blood supply of the tibia was studied on 45 lower limbs of adult human cadavers and 15 posterior limbs of adults dogs. The blood supply of the tibia was mainly from the nutrient artery, and from the network of vessels ramifying in the periosteum and epiphysis. These vessels anastomosed with each other. After most part of the periosteum of the tibial shaft of the dogs was excised and the nutrient artery was severed, the blood oozing out from the bone surface could still be observed, however, ...
Preparation of Bacterial Protoplast-Derived Microvesicles Loaded with EGF Receptor Fusion Protein
The invention uses the chitosan for immobilizing the trypsinase, so the trypsinase can be used repeatedly, the utilization efficiency of the trypsinase is improved, the enzyme consumption in the protein hydrolysis process and the production cost are reduced,
Since the roller 160 is driven to rotate while manipulating the plucking head to advance over the skin, the bristles 161 of the roller 160 can intermittently apply the mechanical stimuli to skin from which the hairs are just being plucked, thereby alleviating the hair plucking pain.
The Extraction of Salient Maps Based-on Attention Driven Model
METHODS: Weight-matched adult male Wistar rats were randomly divided into 3 groups as follows: 1) the ADR group, in which 2.5 mg/kg of ADR was weekly injected via a tail vein for 10 weeks(n=25
The right phrenic nerve passes over the right atrium and the left phrenic nerve passes over the left ventricle and pierces the diaphragm separately
inhibition of nicotinic receptor in high- fat rats by way of administration of chlorisondamine led to increase bacterial translocation to distant organs, increased permeability for HRP in ileum segments and elevate plasma endotoxin levels, compared to high- fat control rats.
(iii) an antibody, antibody fragment or derivative thereof directed against Rhesus antigens;
Clinical Study of Continuous Lumbar Drainage of Cerebrospinal Fluid in Treatment of Brain Aneurysm
thus reducing the potential for hepatic toxicity.
Resuits:A total of 202 patients with HAP were recruited,the most common pathogen of lung infection in early onset was klebsiella pneumoniae (33.3%) and staphylococcus aureus (17.8%),while in alte onset it was Acinetobacter baumanii (34.9%),Pseudomonss aeruginosa (25.4%) and staphylococcus aureus (19.8%).
Overall, these data suggest clinically relevant differences in the profile of therapeutic response to peginterferon alfa-2a (40KD) - specifically, baseline necroinflammatory and early (12 weeks) predictability markers - compared to other therapies, particularly IFN/ribavirin therapy
in addition, there are discomfort and pain and in that nose and throat, nasal obstruction and abnormal smell in the nose, tinnitus, hypoacusis or deafness, dryness and foreign body sensation in the throat, toothache, etc.
Effects of nao-yi-an granule on the expression of heme oxygenase-1 in brains of intracerebral hemorrhagic rats
Conclusion:The chrondromyxoid fibroma has a feature in radiographic manifestation while a non-feature lesion is difficult to diagnose on X-film
the promoter is inserted into the polynucleotide such that it is operably linked to a portion of the polynucleotide that codes for a polypeptide that is lethal to the cells.
decompression concentrating to obtain momordica glycoside V component with purity of 90-98 % and momordica glycoside V component with purity over 98 %.
5) Patients for whom re-thoracotomy was scheduled or possibly performed during the clinical trial period (three years; the re-operation group).
"Transplants from another person or, especially, an animal are rejected unless they are unusually compatible or have no Blood vessels (e.g., the cornea), or if the recipient's immune reaction is suppressed by lifelong drug treatment."
Isolation and Characterization of a Novel Pseudomonas sp. Strain Em-1 Capable of Degrading Trichloroethylene by Cometabolism under Aerobic Conditions
There was no apparent relation between the bacteria pathogenicity and their culture characters
APPLICATIONS OF HIGH RESOLUTION MAGIC ANGLE SPINNING NMR TO SOLID PHASE SYNTHESIS
study of mitochondrion and nucleus damage and caspase-3 expression in hippocampal CA_3 neuron of kainic acid induced epileptic rat
Effects of Lycium barbarum Polysaccharide on Cell Proliferation of Chicken Lymphocytes and IL-2 Excretion in vitro
This paper studied dropping mechanism of fibres from short-fibre cashmere cloth. It revealed that measures for enhancing the linking force among fibers was necessary and anti-dropping treatment should be applied after general finishing to reduce the amount of droppings of the short cashmere products. We compared six anti-dropping finishing agents systematically with fuzzy mathematics and concluded that agent D was the most effective one
is effective in lowering cholesterol, triglyceride, and low-density lipoprotein, elevating the high-density lipoprotein, and preventing atherosclerosis. is useful for treating hyperlipidemia.
Efficacy Analysis of Mumps Vaccine
is not entrap and can migrate through that communicable moisture dispersal or moisture migration pathways 220 and 242 of adjacent tile.
Studies of search by children aged 2 years and older have revealed a steady improvement in the ability to search non-redundantly and look in each place only once (Wellman et al., 1984; DeLoache & Brown, 1984).
Objective To analyze the results of anti-mutant citrulline vimentin(anti-MCV) antibody among 200 patients with rheumatoid arthritis(RA),and to explore the clinical significance of this antibody for RA.
The Clinic Significance of Markers(CD62P、Fg) Changing in Prothrombotic State of Patients with Hypertension
Objective:To investigate the expressions of DKK1(Dickkopf1)and β-catenin in psoriasis vurlgris,to evaluate their function in psoriasis vulgaris.
Two groups received standard care,including mechanical ventilation if needed.The treatment group received Pulmonary surfactant 100-150 mg/kg additionally.
A group of peptides that influence nerve transmission in certain parts of the brain has been isolated from normal brain tissueThese peptides are known as opioids, because they bind to specific receptors that also bind opiate drugs,such as morphine .
Retinol-Binding Proteins, Cellular \ A subclass of retinol-binding proteins that take part in the intracellular storage and transport of RETINOL.
Pharmacokinetic studies on curcumin in Curcuma phaeocaulis in rats in vivo
NEUROPEPTIDE Y-CONTAINING MOSSY FIBRE SPROUTING IN THE HIPPOCAMPAL DENTATE GYRUS IN SEIZURE RATS INDUCED BY KAINIC ACID
is prepared from dextro-glucoside, glucose, and anticoagulant or blood vessel repairing material
The duration when morphine and dihydro etorphine psychologically dependent mice stayed in the preferred compartment increased significantly from (6.1± 2.0) min and (8.0±0.7) min to (9.3±1. l) min and (9.5 ± 1.2) min by 4 mg·kg-1 NO2 Arg
unclassified hepatitis
In 2002 the Centre for Disease Control and Prevention estimated that more than 4 million people were infected in the USA alone and that approximately 8 , 000 to 10 , 000 die as a result of chrome HCV infection yearly .
The results show that the yield of Ⅱ reaches 97. 6% when the molar ratio of Fe powder to hemin is 15:1,the temperature is 120 ℃ and the reaction time is 2 h.
Trypanosoma antigens, vaccine compositions, and related methods
(3)CCl_4-induced reduction of hepatic mitochondrial succinic dehydrogenase activitycould be restored by HSS.
With satisfactory closure of the perforation and adequate lavage of the peritoneal cavity, I went ahead and closed the linea alba with #1 Vicryl sutures, this time using two large #2 nylon retention sutures, and the skin was approximated with 3-0 nylon leaving wide spaces in the subcutaneous tissue.
Study on the effects of exogenous hormone on the plasma testosterone and estradiollevels in cultured Japanese flounder
the property of bee transparent to radiant heat
Intrahippocampal infusion of lipopolysaccharide induces seizures and the associated mechanism
For low abundance protein enrichment selectively,novel functional materials were developed for selectively capturing significant post-translated proteins,such as phosphopeptides/proteins and glycopeptides/proteins.
Process (15) is carried out in a solvent such as dioxane, dimethylsulfoxide, hexamethylphosphoric triamide or N,N-dimethylformamide in the presence of a base such as sodium carbonate, potassium carbonate, sodium hydroxide, potassium hydroxide, or sodium hydride.
NO3- induced apperently the activity of NR and asparagine synthetase
the Collaterall method used in treat diabetic renal disease
Objective To study the disease progress and prognosis on the patients with HBeAg negative who were hepatitis B virus DNA YMDD variation after lamivudine (LAM) therapy, and to evaluate the efficacy of adefovir dipivoxil(ADV) on these patients
Results: Comparing the clinical efficacy,the difference was statistically significant(P<0.01);comparing Hp seroconversion rate of the two groups,the difference was statistically significant(P<0.01).
Treatment by 250Gy gamma rays retarded ripening rate and extended storage life from 1 to 8days
Clinical analysis of non-responding community-acquired pneumonia
These results suggested that detection of nucleic acid by this method is an effective with high specificity and sensitivity.This assay is expected to become a valuable tool for rapid detection and identification of nucleic acid.
The invention belongs to the field of medicines, and particularly relates to an application of shenxiong glucose injection to preparing a medicine for treating pulmonary hypertension.
Conclusion The rat model with psoriasis-like lesion can be improved by electroacupuncture,topic drug Tazarotene and electroacupuncture combined with Tazarotene,the effect of electroacupuncture is remarkable.
The amount of acid used results in a pH of 2.5 or less in the aqueous suspension, preferably, a pH of 2.0 or less,
Incubated with PTD-SOD(PTD,protein transduction domain;SOD,superoxide dismutase) fused protein,the intracellular SOD activity of HepG2 and L-02 cell lines increased obviously,by 52% and 23% respectively.Intracellular total antioxidant capacity(T-AOC) was up to 100% and ROS level was decreased remarkably as well.
Method The 7-week-old male Wistar rats were randomly divided into 6 groups. Groups A underwent tail suspension for 21d, group B and group C were reloaded for 7d and 21d after tail suspension for 21d, the rest 3 groups served as controls.
Methods:Two blastocyst-obtaining methods,and two kinds of mediums(HLM and DLM) were compared,respectively.And the inner cell mass(ICM) was scored.
Specific examples of contemplated hybrid alpha-amylases include those disclosed in Table 1 to 5 of the examples in U.S. patent application No. 60/638,614, including Fungamyl variant with catalytic domain JA118 and Athelia rolfsii SBD (SEQ ID NO:100 in U.S. 60/638,614), Rhizomucor pusillus alpha-amylase with Athelia rolfsii AMG linker and SBD (SEQ ID NO: 101 in U.S. application No. 60/638,614), Rhizomucor pusillus alpha-amylase with Aspergillus niger glucoamylase linker and SBD (which is disclosed in Table 5 as a combination of amino acid sequences SEQ ID NO:20, SEQ ID NO:72 and SEQ ID NO:96 in U.S. application Ser. No. 11/316,535) or as V039 in Table 5 in WO 2006/069290, and Meripilus giganteus alpha-amylase with Athelia rolfsii glucoamylase linker and SBD (SEQ ID NO:102 in U.S. application No. 60/638,614).
Effect of Pretreatment on the Degradation of Cell Wall and Juice Yield of Red Fuji ’Apple
However, in this assay bound antibody is detected by horse radish peroxidase conjugated anti-guinea pig Ig, followed by addition of substrate and revelation as previously described.
The polymorphism information content (PIC) showed that the PIC of 5'-1 was 0.1364, so the polymorphism information content was lower degree polymorphism.
FIG. 10 depicts the surface expression pattern of the hepatitis B virus surface antigen determinant in a Gram-negative bacterium transformed using the surface expression recombinant vector pHCE1LB:BCA-HB168 of the current invention based on performing Western blotting and fluorescence-activated cell sorting assays.
Experimental study of hepatocyte growth factor in inhibition of myocardial fibrosis and apoptosis of chronic ischemic heart disease
interspinous wisconsin system spinal instrumentation in that treatment of scoliosis
It shows that the spontaneous magnetization decreases almost linearly with the increasing Nb content. The calculated average magnetic moment is 2.05 μB for per Fe atom and -2.57 μB for per Nb atom.
2 We observed the glycemic responses of oat β -glucan in diabetic rats.
connected-wire tubular construction which is expandable to be permanently inserted into a blood vessel to provide mechanical support to the vessel and to maintain or re-establish a flow channel during or following angioplasty.
Conclusion:Hydrochloric acid fasudil treatment after aneurysmal rupture in patients with subarachnoid hemorrhage did not increase the risk of rebleeding.
The composition may also be used to treat the nutritional deficiencies of any disease state that results in increased oxidative stress, elevated cholesterol levels, or elevated homocysteine levels.
Administration of an effective amount of a composition of the present disclosure may be particularly useful in treating a gram-positive bacterial infection in a subject suffering from pneumonia, cystic fibrosis, bronchiectasis, or other chronic lung disease with a bacterial infection of the subject's airway and/or lung.
The mixture was poured into ice/water (100 ml), basified with potassium carbonate, extracted with ethyl acetate (100 ml), dried (magnesium sulfate) and evaporated under reduced pressure to give an oil, 0.075 g.
The repeating units in DNA polymers are four different nucleotides, each of which comprises one of the four bases, adenine (A), guanine (G), cytosine (C), and thymine (T) bound to a deoxyribose sugar to which a phosphate group is attached
The results showed that the germination and the seedling growth of rice were stimulated by exposing the rice seeds with femtosecond laser.3~9 s femtosecond laser irradiation increased the rice germinating viability and germination rate.The inhibition of sprouting happened with the 11~13 s femtosecond laser irradiation.
No result suggested a substantial interaction effect between GSTM1 and CYP2D6 polymorphisms and the risk of lung cancer.
From 1976 to 1981, percutaneous transhepatic biliary drainage(PTD) was successfullyperformed in 16 of 18 cases, with 2 cases having additional internal drainage by passinga Ring's side-hole catheter through obstructing site.Of the 16,7 were malignant biliaryobstructions and 9 benign obstructions.After drainage, their jaundice was amelioratedand 12 cases were operated upon without operative death.The complications of indwellingcatheter were occlusion(3 cases) and dislodgement(2 cases) of catheter, and bleedin
Halogenated organophosphorus compounds include tris-chloropropyl-phosphate (TCPP), tris-chloroethyl-phosphate, and tris dichloropropyl phosphate (TDCPP) (BMU, 2000).
The invention relates to a peptide compound with biological activity, which in particular possesses antimicrobial properties, its preparation and its applications.
Infliximab is a chimeric monoclonal antibody composed of 75% human and 25% mouse protein, whereas adalimumab is full humanized antibody
Insulin resistance as a determinant of platelet activation in obese women.
Study on Properties of PMMA Doped with Erbium Triisopropoxide by Preparationof Gel In-Situ Polymerization
a) at least one transcription regulating nucleotide sequence of a gene encoding a peroxiredoxin (PER1) protein, and functionally linked thereto
A MUTATION OF HUMAN FSHβ GENE IN TRANSGENIC BUFFALO
50. The method of claim 49, wherein said mammalian pluripotent cells are human pluripotent cells.
Carbonic acid 5-chloro-8-quinolyl ethyl ester
suitable comonomer include acrylics other than acrylonitrile;
the amine is capture by that beta, gamma-unsaturated-alpha-keto ester through the 1, 4-addition mode,
Arthrobacter nicotinovorans
Preliminary results were obtained for 124 subjects evaluable for efficacy based on independent assessment and 131 subjects evaluable per investigator assessment.
study on treatment of vascular Parkinsonism ( VP ) by of Kangzhenzhijing ( KZZJ ) Capsule in patient of 32 cases.
The reaction rate constant of the ionization of N2/O2 by electron-impact dissociation was calculated by the lumped kinetic model of pulse corona discharge, and a kinetic model in the system of NO/O2/N2 under pulse corona discharge was obtained
A subfamily of G-PROTEIN-COUPLED RECEPTORS that bind the neurotransmitter DOPAMINE and modulate its effects.
The fracture surfaces and microstructures were analyzed using scanning electron microscope (SEM) and optical microscope (OM).The results show that the tensile strength, elongation and reduction in area are temperature-dependent and show approximately linear decrease with increasing the temperature
Changes of platelet GPIbα, GPⅡb, PLT and platelet parameters in patients with severe pre-eclampsia and eclampsia
Resistant Physiology to Lodging and Morphological Characters of Super Hybrid Rice Ⅰ.Differences of Si, K and Fiber Contents of the Plant between Pei’ai64S/E32 and Shanyou63
Effects of cilazapril on the relationship between the concentrations of intralymphocytic free calcium and angiotensin in hypertensive patients
After operation,the narrowing change of tumor size had statistical significance;postoperative follow-up in treatment group and control group was all for 6,12,18,24months;and the survival rate of treatment groups was 100,84%,50%,31% respectively;for control group,94%,69%,38%,15% respectively.
include one or more nucleate agents such as talc, sodium bicarbonate or citric acid
Results After 1 week of treatment,traditional chinese medicine group nutrition indicators PA,Hb,the percentage of LYM% and immune parameters IgM and IgG,IgA,water average were higher than that in the control group,and concurrent gastrointestinal disease had a low incidence,the difference was statistically significant(P<0.05).
improve articular Paracapsule iliac osteotomy to treat congenital dislocation of that hip
Clinical analysis on the treatment of hysteroscopic resection and norethisterone in abnormal uterine bleeding
In the present study, we inhibited theexpression of Hsps by blocking the heat shock transcription factor 1 (HSF1)function with its dominant-negative mutant (mHSF1) in Bcap37 cells, athermotolerant breast cancer cell line. We found that retrovirus mediated transferof mHSF1 led to massive cell death of Bcap37 after hyperthermia and failed toestablish thermotolerance in Bcap37 cells.
Results The serum IL-2 level of the pregnant women was significantly higher than that of those non pregnant women(P< 0.05
Preparations containing a ) urea, b ) urea derivatives, c ) antimetabolites, e ) urea, urea derivatives, non-enzymatic proteins, nucleosides, nucleotides and their derivatives, reduced thioctic acid, uric acid, calcium acetyl salicylate, ammonium sulfate, isopropyl alcohol, ethanol, polyethylene glycol, polypropylene glycol or other compounds capable of causing nonenzymatic dissoultion of the corneal protoeglycans or f ) any of the possible combinations thereof, are administered to the eye in therapeutically effective amounts.
Detection of tumor specific growth factor in serum of patients with malignant or nonmalignant
To the reaction mixture, 1.20 g of 2-aminoisobutyric acid ethyl ester hydrochloride and 1.00 ml of triethylamine were added, followed by stirring at room temperature for 16 hours.
Once a thermal dose is applied, the area of the target mass that is destroyed (the treated region) is represented in the same fashion as the untreated region shown in FIG. 10A.
Objective: To sum up the outcome of the refractoriness in treating thoracolumbar fractures with anterior internal fixation.
The liquid phase containing the collagenase proteins obtained after SP SEPHAROSE chromatography was applied to the column.
TLR3 may be activated by dsRNA, in particular of viral origin, or by the chemical compound poly(I:C).
Clinical analysis of 23 cases of artificial abortion for first trimester of pregnancy in the deformed uterus
Renaturation of recombinant interleukin-2 in sodium dodecyl sulfate solution
Emery-Dreifuss Muscular Dystrophy 2: One Case Report and Literature Review
The Advisory Committee notes that accumulation of the backlog is a chronic problem and recalls that an extraordinary session of three weeks duration had also been requested in 2002 for the purpose of reducing the backlog of reports.
the numb of electron pairs an atom can share with other atom
Nasal septum forcing hemostat
9 cases(37%)in CC group needed inotropic drug to assist circulatlonpostoperation,4 cases(16%)in CBC group,2 cases(12%)in both TWBC and CWBC group.
From Jul. 1986 through Feb. 1990, 267 patients were treated with valve replacement. the hospitalised mortality was 9.7% (26/267).
There are several facts that may affect the interface between implant and bone:implant material,morphopological structure and surface of the implant,bone structure and the occlusal force.
FACTORS INFLUENCING THE OUTCOME OF RENAL TRANSPLANTATION
The metabolism of hydroxyethyl starch in human urine was analyzed by gas chromatography mass spectrometry(GC/MS). 2 hydroxyethyl glucose, 3 hydroxyethyl glucose and 6 hydroxyethyl glucose derivatives were identified using the retention times and characteristic ions of three metabolites. This detection method was established in national institute of sports medicine
Id4 gene methylation for detection of minimal residual disease in acute leukemia
Basic research on transplantation of cell suspension: observation of human melanocyte graft attached in vitro
conscious sedation reduces anxiety in patients ,
ESR, ~1H--NMR and IR were combined so as to give information concerning the mechanismof butadiene polymerization in the presence of catalyst system Fe(phen)Cl_3--(i-C_4H_9)_3Al.
Advances in the Studies of Sperm Protein 22(SP22)
Evaluation of Clinical Application and Progress of the Treatment of Cerebral Infarction
After adding 10 pmol of each of the outer primers (epo back BamHI and CH3 for Not/) the PCR was continued for 25 cycles with 94 deg.C for 20 sec, 56 deg.C for 30 sec and 72 deg.C for 1.5 min.
Investigation on infection of hepatitis G virus in Yanbian district
MRI diagnostic importance of cavernous hemangioma in cavernous sinus
The prolactin gene engineering vaccine prepared through the invention has the advantages of avirulence, no pathogenicity, no drug residue,
and in most cases, the reconstitution step can be conducted at a temperature equal to or greater than the phase transition temperature of the lipid component of the complexes.
Determination of Cu Zn Fe and Mg Concentrations In Serum of Patients With Bypertension
in the said known process the fine ammonium sulphate crystals are obtained in a process which involves withdrawing a product slurry which comprises the ammonium sulphate solution from the crystallization vessel, separating the ammonium sulphate product crystals from the ammonium sulphate solution, for instance by using a centrifuge, drying the separated ammonium sulphate product crystals, and size classifying the dried ammonium sulphate product crystals to obtain a fraction of ammonium sulphate product crystals above a predetermined size and a fraction of fine ammonium sulphate crystals below a predetermined size.
The invention relates to a method for improving the transfection efficiency of gene transfected pigskin by protamine sulfate, which comprises the following steps:
the wells were washed extensively with water to remove any unbound hydrophobin; these coatings were referred to as the a-helix state.
The pharmacological research showed that spontaneous locomotor activity and explorative activity in novel environment in mice subjected to cerebral ischemia were not affected by OGT extract (2.0, 4.0 and 8.0 g/kg, ig).
Different from traditional two-step methods,ultrathin TiO2(B) nanosheets are prepared by one-step hydrolysis reaction of TiCl3 in ethylene glycol between 140 ℃ and 180 ℃ in this paper.
to determine whether hippocampal volume would increase with exercise in humans and whether this effect would be related to improved aerobic fitness
In vivo measurement of iodine-water concentration of normal thyroid using gemstone spectral imaging
The finding that mCEF94-s2VP3C virus replicates almost as efficiently as an unmodified serotype I strain, in combination with the possibility to discriminate this virus from both serotype I and II wild-type field isolates, makes the use of the C-terminal part of serotype II VP3 a very promising approach to develop an IBDV marker vaccine.
Clinical analysis of splenectomy for treatment of refractory idiopathic thrombocytopenic purpura
ObjectiveTo observe the effect of pravastatin on pravastain on primary chronic glomerulonephritis nephrotio syndrome with hyperlipidemia
Results There were 36 cases who had RCF in left anatomical snuff-box,and 6 cases in right anatomical snuff-box.The operating time was 45~120 minutes,and the bleeding volume was 5~30 mL.
Conclusion cPKCγ participates HPC-induced neuroprotection though regulating its interaction with partial interacting proteins in ischemic penumbra of mice following ischemic stroke.
However, on day 15, DHC in group HC was lower significantly than that in control(P<0.05
Corticosterone is one of the adrenal hormones.
For example, should a physician apply a risk factor evaluation model having only three stratification or categorization levels, the physician may administer a dosage or a "base formulation" to a person identified in a first, "low" cardiovascular risk level, a dosage three times the base formulation to a person identified in a second, "moderate" cardiovascular risk level and a dosage five times the base formulation to a person identified in a third, "high" cardiovascular risk level.
In particular, if a buffer salt such as sodium citrate, sodium lactate or sodium phosphate (namely, a salt of a weak acid and a weak base) that stabilizes the pH in a range from slightly acidic to neutral is added to the aqueous liquid to adjust the pH of the aqueous liquid to a value of approximately 5.5 to 9.0, then the solubilized collagen fibers can be more readily dissolved.
Discussion on Diabetes Treated from the Aspect of Liver
there is provided a method for fabricating a strontium silicate-based phosphor, the method comprising the steps of: forming a mixture where strontium carbonate ( srco3 ), silica ( sio2 ), and europium oxide ( eu203 ) are mixed; drying the mixture; and performing a heat treatment of the dried mixture in a reducing atmosphere.
Methods Patients with BPH who needed prostate surgery could through prostatic massage to get EPS before surgery,then the Concentration of IL-6 and IL-8 were measured.
The results show that the raisins averagely contain 0. 19% of sediment impurities,and total bacterial count 3. 9×103 CFU/g.After high pressure washing with tap water in 20 s and then sprinkling sterile water,the highest degerming rate reached 92. 0% and 98. 3% respectively.
Objective To investigate the mechanism of epigallocatechin-3-gallate(EGCG) inhibited the proliferation of liver cancer HepG2 cells.
and treatment and/or prophylaxis of impaired glucose tolerance and diabetes.
With follow-ups for 6~36 months,all cases have no joint degeneration in X-ray manifestation and the restoration of joint function is satisfying;the function of cases with metatarsophalangeal semi-joint transplantation was better than those in total joint transplantation..
Determination of lomefloxacin in human plasma and urine by HPLC column switching technique
The values of BIS50 and ED50 for propofol were 79.17 (72.08-88.55) and 1.0192 mg/kg (0.9400-1.1480 mg/kg) respectively.
An Analysis to Expressed Sequence Tags From the Gonads of Bombyx mori Larvae
Study of 150 Patients with Metastatic Brain Tumor
they can furthermore be employed as intermediates for the preparation of further pharmaceutical active compounds .
Acute colitis closely following the beginning of celecoxib treatment
Clinical Study on Treatment of Pelvic Organ Prolapse (POP) with Prolift and Buzhongyiqi Tang
We have had numerous fatalities in the oncology ward
suitable material include polystyrene, polycarbonate, acrylic, PET, cyclic olefin polymers and copolymer
Describe an improved IA algorithms to solve the VSPFITW, in which a new information entropy calculating method, the adaptive mechanism of crossover and mutation, and evaluate function are introduced
if even only one of the voxels through which the segment passes lies in the lumen of the colon, the voxel under examination is not added to the analysis unit.
Objective To describe the variation of life quality of patients undergoing modified radical mastectomy in the sequencing 12 months,so as to provide the evidence for improving their life quality.
Both strains SIPI-434 and SIPI-100 were thought to belong to genus streptomyces through the study of their morphologies, culture properties and physiological-biochemical properties
average particle size ( length ) was within a range of about 150 to 200 nm according to sem image analysis.
MethodsAfter analyzing the function of cervical spinal disc, 2 kinds of materials were chosen to design and fabricate the double-layer cervical spinal disc prosthetic
Fatty acids such as, for example, 1-octadecene or 18-methyleicosanoic acid and their derivatives, may increase solubility and stability of the colloids and have a terminal functional carboxyl group which may be utilized for subsequent binding of specific ligands.
[Conclusion]The method of surgery combined with Chinese herbal medicine can significantly relieve symptoms,reduce the recurrence rate and postpone the recurrence as compared with the simple operation in patients with plasma cell mastitis.
The Evaluation of the Diagnostic Value in Traumatic CSF Fistula with Multi-slice CT
Without being bound to any theory, it is believed the selection of the silicone based polymer in the second layer 58 among copolymers of a polydimethylsiloxane and urea, and the combination in the same second layer 58 with a compatibilizer compound selected from ethylene-acrylic ester-maleic anhydride terpolymers, ethylene acrylic acid copolymers, and ethylene vinyl acetate copolymers, as described above, can provide in the co-extrusion process where the second layer 58 is co-extruded together with the first layer 56 comprising a polyolefin, for example polyethylene, in order to form the multilayer film 54, for a rather oriented internal structure.
HPV-18 E6 and E7 polypeptides are nuclear proteins and it has been previously shown that membrane presentation permits to improve the therapeutic efficacy of the corresponding HPV-16 polypeptides (see for example WO99/03885
AIM:To explore the methods and effect of operation for secondary glaucoma due to traumatic lens subluxation.
Ethyl(1,1-diethoxyethyl)phosphinate may be prepared as described in EP 0 307 362.
As part of the process of rapid demographic and socio-economic change in both developed and developing countries, patterns of family formation are undergoing considerable change so that the composition and structure of families are being altered.
FIG. 5A is the ultraviolet-visible ray (UV-Vis) absorption spectrums of the electron donating polymers according to Synthesis 1 and Comparative Synthesis 2.
Conclusion CD59 and CD55 have synergistic effects on activation signal transduction of T cell,in which,CD59 being more important.
in develope countries common infection tuberculosis, bacterial pneumonia, infectious diarrhoea are major causes of morbidity and mortality, while in developed countries that disease is characterize by less common opportunistic infections.
Treatment of upper jaw postoperative dysostosis of maxilla in the patients with cleft palate by orthognathia
Establishment of rabbit model of focal cerebral ischemia-reperfusion and evaluation of image features
Objective To evaluate the effect of early management in extensively burned children patients.
In order to obtain the materials of restriction endonuclease analysis of Herpes Simplex Virus(HSV) genomes and select suitable restriction endonuclease(RE) for studying and typing of HSV infection, the genomes of two standard strains of HSV, HSV-1 F strain and HSV-2 G strain have been digested with 11 REs. The results showed that the REs, especially BamHI, HpaI and PstI, were found to be useful for typing and studying of HSV DNA in the clinical virology and molecular virology. The quick preparation of HSV DN
in one embodiment, that host cell comprise a vector comprising a nucleic acid have the nucleotide sequence shown as SEQ. ID. NO. 25.
In vitro study on baicalin pH-triggered ophthalmic in situ gel system
Conclusion:There are a better therapeutic effect, lower disability rate on treatment cerebrovascular accident by oxygen acupuncture tha…
the present invention can be used effectively in the development of otherwise insoluble drug preparations for oral or parenteral administration.
Study of magnetic susceptibility effect of gradient echo in intracranial hemorrhage
The SOD,POD and PPO activities of pakchoi plants were significantly enhanced after induced by SA.
Objective:To assess the serum levels of ICAM-1 before and after 131 I-treatment of Grave's disease.Methods:We measured the serum levels of ICAM-1 of 0,1w,6M by ELISA method.Results:1. Significent increases were seen in free T 4 index(FT 41),free T 3 index(FT 31)within the first weeks,and TSH simultaneously decreased.2. The serum levels of ICAM is significant higher in GO than in non-GO and in hyperthrodism than in non-hyperthrodism.Conclusions:The elevated serum concentration of ICAM-1 in pa...
finally adopting a low-salt fermentation method; and packaging the finished product after completing the fermentation.
· If a stain remains, a solvent may be needed to remove the stubborn stain.
Influence of sparfloxacin on the hypnogenesis by pentobarbital sodium in mice
The multivariate statistics analysis of the morphological difference between Carassius aurutus in Qihe River and the other three Carassius aurutus colonies
Traditional Chinese medicine composition for treating prurigo
Methods 12 patients who were diagnosed as invasive pulmonary fungal infection in our department during January,2008 to April,2012 were included and retrospective analysis was done to compare the positive rates of diagnosis before and after bronchoscopy.Results Before bronchoscopy,2 patients were diagnosed by sputum smear,2 patients were diagnosed by sputum culture,1 patient was diagnosed by chest CT,and the positive rate is 16. 67%,16.
unlike the conventional light diffusion resin composition using an acrylic resin as a matrix resin ,
In this experiment the crude eq-extracts and the components of polysaccharides, tannins, saponins and organic acids were obtained from Cornus officinalis by extraction, isolation and partial purification with yields respectively 9.60%, 2.00%, 2.40%, 0.75%, 4.10%.
METHODS Through analyzing different kinds of scan and reconstruction methods, we chose the best one to demonstrate the left ovarian vascular
Nursing of Autogenous Rib Cartilage for Bilateral MicrotiaEar Reconstruction
by fully utilizing the abundant proteins and celluloses and low fat content of the bean dregs, the invention can decelerate the absorption of the excess sugar by human bodies, eliminate the hunger sensation and inhibit the lipogenesis, thereby achieving the effect of losing weight.
study of that cytolytic effect of seo_2 on the ehrlich ascites tumor cells
In the observation group,patients were operated within 72 hours of the disease attack.In the control group,patients were operated after 72 hours of the disease attack.
Branching agents which may be used are, for example, tri- or polyfunctional carboxylic acid chlorides, such as trimesic acid trichloride, cyanuric acid trichloride, 3,3',4,4'-benzophenonetetracarboxylic acid tetrachloride, 1,4,5,8-naphthalenetetracarboxylic acid tetrachloride or pyromellitic acid tetrachloride, in quantities of 0.01 to 1.0 mol.
Results Seventeen (77.3%) of 22 patients with pancreatic cancer had a codon 12 K-ras mutation in their plasma DNA
the significance of ankle brachial index in hospilalized patient with coronary heart disease
Methods The examination of the IL-1 and TNF expressions in the rat model of the focal cerebral ischemia/reperfusion with immunohistochemical methods.
METHODS: The effect of taurine on endothelin was observed on the model of mouse"s myocardial infarction.
Expression and Distribution and Function of β-catenin in Liver Tissues with Liver Cirrhosis and Hepatocellular Cancer
Also provided are methods for the manufacture of the lalp compositions and formulations, as well as method for the treatment of diseases associated with lalp dysfunction.
Method:Sixty-six articles with RCTs were obtained by electronic searching and hand searching, and investigated and evaluated according to the principle of EBM and the clinical researching standard of acupuncture and moxibustion
Clinical and pathological analysis of 46 cases of adult spinal muscular atrophy
Methods:The polymorphism of serotonin transport protein gene-linked polymorphic region of 87 patients with recurrent oral ulcer and 96 normal people were detected with the polymerase chain reaction technique.
The therapeutic (analgesic and undesirable) effects (for example constipation and respiratory depression) preferentially involve the activation of the . mu. receptor (Roy et al., 1998 Brain Res Mol Brain Res. 56:281-3).
In order to investigate the molecular mechanism of Li-qi Fu-zhen Chinese medicine during removing exer- cise-induced muscle fatigue and seek for an effective Chinese medicine compound dealing with exercise fatigue, an SD rat model of intensive training was constructed and the expression of α-actin of skeletal muscle during re- freshine was studied by the quantiative RT-PCR( QRT-PCR
Conclusion: miR-451 reverses the resistance of A549 / DDP cells to DDP through induction of apoptosis,diminished cell proliferation,down-regulating the expressions of p-Akt(Ser473),bcl-2 proteins and up-regulating the expression of bax protein.
81. an apparent difference between the united states and europe is that in the united states, years of schooling affect equally the mortality of men and women, while in european countries, mortality for males appears to be more responsive than that for females to additional education.
Atypical MPDs (aMPDs) are rare and more nebulous, including chronic myelomonocytic leukemia (CMML), juvenile myelomonocytic leukemia (JMML), chronic neutrophilic leukemia (CNL), systemic mastocytosis (SM), chronic basophilic leukemia (CBL), hypereosinophilic syndrome/ chronic eosinophilic leukemia (HES/CEL), and unclassifiable cases (UMPDs).
METHODS: The human CD20 gene and g3pN1 domain gene were amplified by RT-PCR and PCR from Daudi cells and M13K07 phage antibody library, respectively, and then cloned into expression vector pTIG-Trx. The constructed expression vector was expressed in E
The slides at this stage are suitable for observation of the distribution of DNA in nuclei including measurement of Feulgen DNA amounts in nuclei or condensed chromosomes by quantitative image analysis (Hardie, D. et al., 2002, J. Histochem. Cytochem., 50:735-749
The scalfold materials of tissue engineering in articular cartilage repairing
in February 1993 some kind of liquid that produce symptoms of allergy was forcibly inject intravenously
in short, that capillary electrophoresis device comprise a capillary electrophoresis chip 1 and a device body structure 5 for packaging the capillary electrophoresis chip 1 ( CE chip 1), and for sample and buff loading
【METHODS】By FACS, the quantity and ratio of IFN-γ producing CD4+ T cell (Th1) and IL-4 producing CD4+ T cell (Th2) cells in the bone marrow were detected in 21 patients with MDS, 18 normal controls and 13 patients with SAA respectively.
Antifouling Activity of Culturable Bacteria Associated with the Gorgonian Anthogorgia caerulea
The increase in lipase activity, protease activity, amylase activity, cellulase activity and xylanase activity indicated still immaturity of compost as a result of existence of much substrate
combination therepy comprising glucose reabsorption inhibitors and retinoid-x receptor modulators
Objective:To observe the effect of herb to reinforce lung and consolidate origin on the ventilative function of lung.
Application of Musculus Diaphragm Pacemaker Expectoration in Lung Infection
diarrhea virus of bovines
Conclusion: Involvement of oculomotor pathway and visuopostural loop is responsible for vertigo and poor postural control of patients with Parkinson's disease.
Pulmonary alveolar proteinosis is a diffuse lung disease,characteristized by the excessive phospholipids protein kind material accumulated in alveolar space and terminal respiratory bronchiols,with concealed onset and unclear pathogenesis,and unspecific clinical manifestations.
Pain episodes can start suddenly or may follow an illness.
patients who include 7 cases of CT nigative and 8 cases of CT positive were found the thickening of brain meninges, caseous foci in brain, tuberculous inflammation or nodules, and tuberculoma et c
Early Application of Enteral Nutrition for Postoperative Patients with Esophagus Cancer
Cell fusion amount to 70% at around 5 days, reaching to 90% at day 9 and even completely fused into cell diaphragm at day 11. Keratinocyte cultured in vitro can survive 2-3 months without obvious changes in cell morphology and growth speed
The protein feed produced from the cassava dregs mixed with root mould R2 of high resolution for crude starch and yeast As 2.617 with high protein content was studied
US Patent Application 20030108628A1 described curcuminoid compositions, which exhibits synergistic inhibition of the expression and/or activity of cyclooxygenase.
results : the antibacterial activities in vitro of fleroxacin are similar to that of ofloxacin in against e . coli, k pneumonia, shigella spp with a mic90 of 0.25 - 2 mg / l, but the mic90 of lomefloxacin in against bacterial species mentioned above are 2 to 4 fold of that of ofloxacin and fleroxacin
HPLC method was used to determine tinidazole in the tablets:chromatographic conditions included column shim pack CLC ODS 150× 6.0
Results:Glucose levels in 3 dose groups were lower than those of the control group,and the difference was significant( P <0.05);
A line 702 shows the temporary drop in systolic pressure after the occlusion.
PATIENT AREA, BONE DENSITOMETRY
The suitable annealing temperature for in situ amplification of cDNA was 56
Under the Metallurgical Microscope,the black jelly forms crosslinked polymer,adheres to gypsum easily.
FU and GH/5? FU group, liver weight and liver coefficient were significantly lower and lifespan was longer than that of control group(P< 0.05). In GH/5
Methods According to clinical diagnosis, 53 patients were divided into 5 subgroups:A) control group, B) communicating hydrocephalus, C) obstructive hydrocephalus, D) intracranial mass lesion, E) cerebral atrophy
After the injection, ICP lowering was seen in the groups of HSH and MAN, whereas no differences in duration of ICP lowering were found(P>0.05); there were no ICP lowering found in RL group.
A Study on Vascular Endothelial Dysfunction in Simple Obese Chidren and Early Treatment on the Vascular Endothelial Dysfunction in Obese Rats;
in addition, where an energy source is attache to that jaws for e. g. ablation, the parallel movement of the jaw allows for a more uniform transfer of energy to the tissue along the length of the jaws, providing more uniform and consistent ablation.
The results showed that the reaction temperature of 120 ℃, the reaction time of 12 h were the optimal preparation parameters of CQDs.The prepared CQDs had a certain degree of crystallinity and surface defects, while the mean particle size was 5 nm.Lots of oxygen containing functional groups were found on the surface, and the fluorescence quantum yield was 1. 6%.
Transplantation for alcoholic liver diseaseTransplants are appropriate for selected people with alcohol induced liver damage
Objective To investigate the short-term efficacy and side-effect of CT-guided radiofrequency ablation combined with GP chemotherapy for the treatment of stage Ⅲ and Ⅳ peripheral non-small cell lung cancer(NSCLC),and to analyze the survival rate of the patients.
Polymorphism of interleukin-10 gene promoter and its association with susceptibility to chronic obstructive pulmonary disease in Chinese Han people
Synthesis of Coumarin Phosphonylated Derivatives and Their Non-covalent Complexes with BSA
Also disclosed are methods of synthesis, and methods of imaging distribution and metabolism of fatty acids and fatty acid triglycerides.
Methods 78 patients undergoing upper abdomen surgery were randomly divided into group A and group B. All patients were administered propofol and vecuronium via intubation for the induction of anesthesia,and then propofol and remifentanil were incessantly pumped into veins combined with the continuous inhalation of sevoflurane for maintenance anesthesia.
Methods With EGFR gene hotspot mutations region exon 19and 21as the research locus,the specific amplification and the sequencing primer were designed,the known wild-type and mutant samples were utilized to construct the corresponding plasmid as the standard substance by the TA clone technique.Then the EGFR gene mutation detection method by the real-time fluorescence quantification PCR combined with Sanger sequencing was established and the methodological and the application evaluation were performed.
Changes of Intracerebral Amino Acid Transmitters in Periventricular Leukomalacia of Newborn Rats Observed with Microdicalysis Technology
(3)Application of molecular markers to plant germplasm diagnostics.
changing patterns of new infection in thailand, 1988-2005
a less-sterically hindered chain transfer agent should be added slowly during the addition of the alkylen oxide to replace any portion of the chain transfer agent which may have reacted with alkylen oxide monomer itself and thus to maintain a constant concentration of chain transfer agent in the reaction mixture.
Effect of ~(60)Co Irradiation Sterilization on the Stability of Collagen Membranes in Vitro
in some embodiment, selected framework region ( FR ) amino acid residue of that murine antibody also are substituted for the corresponding amino acid residues in the human antibody.
Experimental study of bFGF for the bone formation
The aluminum alkoxide is represented by a general formula of Al(OR) 3 wherein R represents an alkyl group, which preferably has about 1 to 4 carbon atoms
Methods We used Visual Analogue Scale(VAS),Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index(PSQI) and Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale(HADS) to assess headache intensity,sleep quality,anxiety and depression symptoms.
Modified parotidectomy based on anatomical reservation of the great auricular nerve
ADVANCES OF CLINICAL PHARMACOLOGY IN THE PEOPLE'S REPUBLIC OF CHINA
Compared with the blank group,TGF-β1 mRNA expression levels were statistically decreased in Qianlongtong capsules high-concentration group,medium-concentration group and low-concentration group(P<0.01).Compared with the low-concentration group,TGF-β1 mRNA expression levels were statistically decreased in Qianlongtong capsules high-concentration group and medium-concentration group(P<0.01).
Starting with metastasis to the cervical lymph nodes for symptoms of squamous cell carcinoma,its primary focal detection is difficult,treatment is controversial.
Prebiotics and synbiotics: Two promising approaches for the treatment of atopic dermatitis in children above 2 years. Allergy
For example, it is desirable to have safe and effective methods and compositions for preventing, treating, and managing gastrointestinal disorders without adverse effects or adverse drug-drug interactions.
A Study of Catalytic Adsorption Polarographic Wave of Zr(Ⅳ) Antipyrine-Nitrosulphophenol M Complex in Nitric Acid Medium
Medical composition for surgery washing
substantially pure polypeptide may be produced by technique well known in that art
take drug coarse powder of rhizoma Panacis Japonici of Panax of Araliaceae, soak with 40-70% ethanol solution for 1-2. 5 hrs, heating, reflux extracting for 1-4 times,
Layer-By-Layer Assembly and Property Studies on Ultrathin Films of LDH/Protein and LDH/Europium(Ⅲ)-Containing Polyoxometalate
And also almost no defects were observed in crystal surface by SEM
endogenous proliferation inducing factor
Monitoring the Indication of Replacement for Permanent Cardiac Pacemaker
Conclusion TP show protective effects on cadmium-induced sperm toxicity in male rats.The underlying mechanisms may link to their functions in promoting cadmium excretion,inhibiting oxidative stress and repairing damaged DNA.
Measurement and control system of fermentation process is the basis of parameters measurement and optimal regulation in fermentation process,directly influencing the optimal control performance of the fermentation system.
Analysis of effects of isotonic contrast medium (Iodixanol) on renal function of patients undergoing interventional therapy
DETERMINATION OF FLAVONOIDS IN HAWTHORN FRUITS AND THEIR ANTIOXIDATION EFFECT
Experience of cause and treatment of postoperative chylothorax in esophageal cancer
the advantage of that process are: this is the first report of a proces for the prevention of development of pacha taint in ctc teas using enzymes.
(b) forming an organic photoresist layer on and in contact with the inorganic resist layer;
Methods Twenty six guinea pigs with nomal henaring were randmly divided in to 3 groups,10 in DPOAE group,10 in ABR group,6 in control group.
Objective:To observe the efficacy of ginger moxibustion for the treatment of leukopenia.
Methods EMCs from the first branchial arch of E9.5 and dental papilla cells isolated from 1st lower molar tooth germs of E16.5 were cultured at the same conditions. EMCs qua tester,SSH cDNA libraries of down-ragulated genes was constructed. Analysis of total RNA qualities,cDNA Taq Idigestion,adaptors ligation efficiency,subtraction efficiency and PCR products were all studied.
Cultivation in vitro of Goat Mammary Epithelial Cells and Study on Chromosome Number of the Cells
After using the method of VAS recorded after 2,6,12,24,48h rest pain score,48h PCA press times and analgesic satisfaction scores.
Expression of intercellular adhesion molecule-1 after retinal ischemia reperfusion in rats
Extracellular signal - regulated kinasel/2 pathway mediates PBMC spontaneous over- expressions of IL-6 and anti-dsDNA antibody in patients with lupus nephritis
in this case, R71 represent methyl, ethyl, phenyl, or optionally substituted 2-pyridyl.
in EP 262,945 we describe forming a cationic polymer by polymerisation within an aqueous phase of, for instance, aqueous polyamine or aqueous poly DADMAC
Investigation of classification of diseases in pre-hospital care and proportional mortality rate
Study on Anti-tumor Activity and Mechanism of Evodiamine
Results IL-1α could restrain chondrocyte from prolixferation, transform it into similar fiber cell, induce the expression of non-specific collagen Ⅰand restrain the expression of specific collagen
Methods A total of 5 embalmed adult cadavers from Chengdu Medical College were dissected layer by layer in the cervical region,pharyngeal region,and mandible region,according to transtracheal assisted sublingual approach that was verified from the anatomical approach and planes.
The number of differentially expressed bands in resistant material was less than that in susceptive material.
Objective To investigate the clinical therapeutic effects of naloxone injection in the treatment of acute serious cerebral infarction.
and may be produced either by changes in the interactions between molecules of the fluorophore to change the state of aggregation or between fluorophore molecules and the components of the solvent (nonspecific binding, NSB).
The Eco-physiological Studies of Phosphorus on the Growth of Prorocentrum Donghaiense
Clinical Applied Research on A New Type Local Medicine of Recurrent Aphthae
Determination of blood glucose and nursing care of diabetes mellitus patients
Compared with the full genome sequences of class Ⅱ NDV strains,the NDV08-046 isolate has a 12-nt insertion(TGGGAGACGGGG) in the phosphoprotein gene between nucleotides 2 381 and 2 382 of the genome(numbered according to the genomic sequence of the La Sota strain,which consists of 15 186 nt).
Results: The secondary structures of c-erbB-2 mRNA from nt 2428 to nt 2776 and nt 2820 to nt 3004 were relatively stable. The two regions were of important biological function and were the ideal attacking regions for ribozymes.
Plasma concentrations of adiponectin correlated negatively with BMI(r=-0.23, Pcholesterol concentrations(r= 0.32, P<0.01
influence of genistein on expression of VEGF aft photodynamic therapy in H22 cells
Compared with six (9%) of 67 participants treated as usual, 35 (45%) of 78 participants in the fixed value contingency management group met the primary outcome measure (odds ratio 12.1, 95% CI 3.7-39.9; p<0.0001),
hyaluronan synthase gene and uses thereof
The primary end point of the HELEX Pivotal Study was clinical success, a composite of safety and efficacy evaluated at 12 months postprocedure
The results indicate that both the precipitates produced by Leptospirillum ferriphium strain DY and Acidithiobacillus ferrooxidans strain GF are composed of jarosite and ammonium jarosite.
Composition B contained more prostaglandin E1 than Composition A.
Overexpression of human CKLF2 promotes proliferation of murine BALB/c 3T3 fibroblast cells and inhibits their apoptosis
The median NQ of PML/RARα mRNA was 0.450 in newly diagnosed APL patients . There was no significant difference about PML/RARα mRNA expression of both bcr3-form and bcr1-form APL patients.
removal of cancellous bone material in vertebral body 100 is not necessary to accommodate reduction elements 32
The study of mechanism on antitumor effect of Alliin+Alliinase
In the 1×10-6g mL-1 Dagebu-15 group,the maximal effect dropped to 81. 74%,and in 1×10-5g mL-1Dagebu-15 group the maximum effect dropped to 75. 90%.
the research actuality and prospect on Exenatide, a novel therapy for type 2 diabetes
surprisingly, it has been found that seed/feed process are very simple to carry out and do not give agglomerated bead polymer having a particle size distribution which is an exact magnified image of that seed use if a microencapsulated polymer is used as the seed.
Conclusions:In Hyperlipidemia exercise group(HE),Hyperlipidemia Hawthorn seed oil group(HH) and Hyperlipidemia Hawthorn seed oil exercise group(HHE),the levels of TC、TG、HDL-C、LCAT、 SOD、 MDA 、NO、 ET in blood had significant changes or relatively significant changes(P<0.05 or P<0.01),compared with Hyper lipidemia model group.
Objective To investigate the effects of colon hydrotherapy on serum enzymes, inflammatory cytokines and endotoxemia of dogs in heat stroke
Experimental study of muscle derived-stem cells for treatment of stress urinary incontinence
The total cell count in the BALF of PCP was significantly increased, but was lower than that in the bacterial pneumonia group
Result:24 hour urine protein quantity increased significantly 7 days after the injection of Adriamycin .
the inventive method is characterised in that coagulation of the aqueous polymer latex which is present after emulsion polymerisation is carried out using a combination containing A ) at least one aqueous solution of a salt selected from sodium chloride, calcium chloride, magnesium chloride, aluminium chloride, sodium sulphate, magnesium sulphate, aluminium sulphate or a mixture thereof, B ) at least one aqueous solution of a salt of hypophosphoric acid, phosphoric acid, ascorbic acid or mixtures thereof and optionally C ) an aqueously diluted acid selected form sulphuric acid, phosphoric acid or acetic acid.
the 5-year survival was significanctly influence by staging, invasion and lymphoma metastase ( P < 0.01 ).
Clinical analysis of 19 cases of renal snbeapsular hydrops
A prospective cohort study on multidrug resistance associated P glycoprotein as a prognostic factor of complete remission in acute leukemia at diagnosis
The human genome project (HGP) is one of the most magnificent bioscience programs. It promotes greatly the course of development on achievement of gene research in industrialization, and open up a path for the combination between bioscience and industry in gene patent, biological information, and gene function, gene chip as well as protein genome and mew drug development.\;
The coronary lesions integral and coronary stenosis integral in the moderate to severe renal insufficiency group were greater than that in the normal renal function group( P < 0. 05) .
Expression of T cell subsets in the peripheral blood of asthma children
Vesicle-Associated Membrane Protein 3 \ A member of the vesicle associated membrane protein family.
in one embodiment herein, that cyclic dialkoxy silyl content of the silane can specifically be from about 10 to about 100 mole percent of the total concentration of silyl groups, more specifically from about 25 to about 90 mole percent of the total concentration of silyl group and most specifically from about 50 to about 70 mole percent of the total concentration of silyl groups
A part of the resulting PCR reaction mixture was analyzed by electrophoresis on an agarose gel to detect a highly specific band.
Objective:To evaluate the clinical efficacy and safety in treatment systemic inflammatory response syndrome by combining continuous blood filtration and ulinastatin.
Conservative treatment has been widely used to treat t he slightly displaced or stable fractures (including those of the proximal humer us, clavicle and shoulder blade), and most of the fresh dislocations of shoulder joint and acromioclavicular joint if the injuries are not serious.
Immunostaining results for CD5,CD43,CD20,CyclinD1 and bcl- 2 are positive and negative for CD3,CD10,bcl- 6 and CD23.
Conclusion The biological characteristics of the culture disc cells in vivo can keep for a longer time,also they are very similar to the normal nucleus pulposus.
The type m2 strains seem to be more prevalent in China.
Objective To investigate the biocompatibility of the HA coated porous NiTi alloys in vitro.Hemolysis rate,cell attachment,proliferation,and ALP activity of the human fetal osteoblastic 1. 19 cell line (hFOB 1. 19) cultured on the HA coated porous NiTi alloys were measured.
The hepatoprotective effect of Ganoderma lucidum peptides (GLP) against alcohol-induced liver injury in mice was investigated.
in addition, medium replacement information include that amounts and type of replaced media as well as growth factor, vitamins and so forth supplied is extract from the menu parameters and stored in correlation with the identification information of culture containers 101 when the medium is replaced
Results There were 56 cases of urinary tract candida infection,which accounted for 40. 29% among the whole number of urinary tract infections.
anemia may be the result of a reduction in the mass of circulating red blood cell.
Surgical techniques of Realignment of urethra with straddle injury under the guidance of ureteroscope(Report of 15 cases)
insomnia due to disorder of that stomach-Qi is mar by sleeplessness, distension and fullness in the stomach and abdomen, loss of appetite, hiccup, eructation and disturb sleep.
The post procedure tubal adhesive rate were 5.88% in the reseach group and 26.9% in the comparison group,there was significant difference between the two groups(x 2=6.36,Ρ<0.05).
further comprising a probe that can hybridize to a site to be detected in the CYP2C9 gene.
Results The mature degree of granulation tissue and extremity/toe/ finger amputation rate in grafting group were significantly better than those in the control group.
The results showed that six of nine female founders have expressed the hEPO protein in their milk and the expression level was at range of 0.12 1.59 μg/L.
The graft copolymerization of acrylic acid onto acrylonitrile butadiene styrene(ABS) terpolymer was initiated by benzoyl peroxide (BPO) in 1,2 dichloroethane solution.
such as lauric, myristic, palmitic, stearic, arachidic, behenic, lignoceric, palmitolic, oleic, linoleic, linolenic, and arachidonic acid
An experiment was conducted to study the effects of light and temperature on the storage and germination of Betula luminifera seeds.
Rheumatoid arthritis (RA) is a common systemic autoimmune diseases,which is lack of specific diagnostic and treatment currently,especially for early diagnosis and atypical cases are easy to misdiagnosis and wrong treatment.
Bioinformatic analysis of one full-length gene related to human glioma
Among persons aged 40 to 79 years, the age-specific prevalence of late AMD in Asians was comparable with that reported from white populations, but early AMD signs were less common among Asians
In many teens the physical symptoms get better before the symptoms related to thinking
effect of water-soluble fraction of cigarette smoke ( CSW) on hepatocyte mitochondria
Pre-S gene mutation,especially the Pre-S2 region deletion variants and Pre-S2 promotor point mutation are strongly associated with HCC.
Clinical Analysis Of 302 Palatal Tumor Cases.
Prospect of Cloning Rice Gene with Transposable Element Tagging
A Study on Tissue Culture of Fine Variety "Shiyou 1" of Hippophae rhamnoides
Keywords radio sensitizing agents;nitroimidazoles;radiation therapy;tumor;
Clinical Analysis of the Reason and the Management for Intraoperative Hemorrhage
The image generation unit 28 combines character information, scale marks, or the like of various kinds of parameters on a B-mode image, blood flow Doppler waveform, and tissue Doppler waveform.
(iv) a substituted 5- to 7-membered cyclic amino group, or (v) -OR (wherein R is (a) an optionally substituted C7-14 aralkyl group, (b) an optionally substituted C3-7 alicyclic hydrocarbon group, (c) an optionally substituted C7-24 aliphatic hydrocarbon group, or (d) an optionally substituted 5- to 7-membered aromatic or non-aromatic heterocyclic group having 1-4 hetero atoms selected from nitrogen atom, oxygen atom and sulfur atom;
Objective To explore the role of Fractalkine/Cx3CR1 in the formation and progression of psoriasis, and to study the correlation between Fractalkine/Cx3CR1 expression with PASI
Using the optimized method for the analysis of volatile compounds of Vidal icewine,a total of 109 compounds were identified by comparing mass spectra and retention indices from literature.Of them,32 esters,24 terpenes and norisoprenoids,21 alcohols,8 aromatic compounds,6 acids,6 phenols,4 furans,4 lactones,3 ketones,1 acetal were identified.
high calcium chicken egg protein vermicelli and its production proc
such as but not limited to those formed by reaction with adenosine a-thiotriphosphate , cytidine a-thiotriphosphate , guanosine a-thiotriphosphate , thymidine a-thiotriphosphate , and / or uridine a-thiotriphosphate .
High-frequency Ultrasound Assessment of Peripheral Nerve Injury after Primary Suture
The results indicated that the fundamental serum levels ofgastrin in gastric cancer group(73.66±42.86ng/L) were significantly lower than those in benign alimentary canal disease group(P< 0.01
The extracts of all the three herbs could improve the systolic and diastolic function in myocardial ischemia Beagle dogs.The administration of AM extract and PG could increase ±dp/dtmax and LVP significantly;PQ could decrease LVEDP and increase-dp/dtmax significantly;AM could increase CO significantly.
The characteristics,treatment and curative effect of four NF cases from our hospital involving private parts were analyzed retrospectively.
Even after effective antibiotic treatment, up to 40 percent of children may retain some noninfected residual fluid in the middle ear that can cause temporary (several weeks) hearing loss.
study on that combination effect of ultrasonic and lase
High phase liquid chromatography (HPLC) analysis indicated the reaction was done.
The Short-term Analysis after Hip Hemiarthroplasty with Reservation of Lesser Trochanter for Intertrochanteric Fracture in Elderly Patients
The two main working mechanism,H atom donation and single-electron trasfer were investigated,and the O-H bond dissociation enthalpy(BDE) and ionization potential(IP) were computed in gas phase.
Study on the Antioxidant Activity of Chinese Traditional Herbal Formula Chaihu-Shu-Gan-San (CSGS) and Pharmacokinetics of the Active Component Naringin in CSGS
Clinical re-evaluation of Beijing Hypotensive No.0 in treatment of essential hypertension
Pentoxifylline inhibits endotoxin-induced NF-kappa B activation and proinflammatory cytokines production in vivo
05).Conclusions ⑴With the increasing of bilirubin concentration,the inhibitory effect of bilirubin on the cell immune functions become more significant.
study on electrochemical property of chemically-modified mno_2
the present invention relate more particularly to a system comprising at least one contain for that said fluid medication, a circuit for regulating the volume of medication supplied to the said patient per unit of time and a tube between the said container and the said patient
The present invention relates to a process of preparing 1,4-trans polybutadiene grafted with an aromatic organosulfur compound, the process comprising (a) preparing 1,4-trans polybutadiene by polymerizing 1,3-butadiene or butadiene derivatives in a nonpolar solvent in the presence of a particular catalyst, and (b) preparing the 1,4-trans polybutadiene grafted with an aromatic organosulfur compound by reacting the trans polybutadiene with an aromatic organosulfur compound.
Research of fluorescence quantitative polymerase chain reactian (FQ-PCR) method to test pathogen in children virus encephalitis
Determination of Five Alkaloids in Different Parts of Coptis chinensis Franch. by Ultra Performance Liquid Chromatography
The effect of Fe ( 0-12% ) on the microstructure, physical properties, mechanical properties and electric properties of the contact materials with Cu : Cr = 1: 1 has been investigated.
The dose levels were based upon the embryotoxicity and terato-genicity study in rats, performed by RCC (Project 014940).
Results From 36 out of 39 blood samples from Plasmodium falciparum patients, 44 gene fragments of blocks 2 and 3 of the MSP1 were amplified, of which the MAD20 type allele was dominant(75%). followed by K1 type allele. No RO33 type allele was found
Experience of prevention bile duct injury in laparoscopic cholecystectomy.
Thermo-oxidation of Cholesterol in Glyceryl Tristearate and Glyceryl Trioleate
PRELIMINARY STUDY ON HERITABILITY AND GENETIC ADVANCE OF MAJOR GROWING STAGE OF.JUNCEA IN GUIZHOU
comprising the steps of (1) dissolving crude mezlocillin acid in a reaction solvent A to obtain solution A;
Method for radiation dose reduction using prior image constrained image reconstruction
This paper introduces the development of ultrasonic testing technique,including the two new methods of displacement measurement based on the interface information in ultrasonic speckle,they are the ultrasonic speckle correlation method and ultrasonic speckle interferometry method.
after the ingestion of glucose , even with intravenous insulin administration , decreased glucose oxidation , low alanine production , and little glycogen formation and deposition in the liver in a timely manner are all indications that hepatic glucose processing is impaired .
Objective To investigate the effect of immunoglobulin on enterovirus 71 in infectious rats in which was simulated.
Methods Forty subjects with shoulder-hand syndrome of phase Ⅰ were randomized into a treatment group and a control group by using randomized controlled single-blind method,20 in each group.
The ligand and the complex were characterized by elemental analysis,IR and MS.
after being sterilized inoculated into an MS culture medium with 5.0 - 10.0 mg of 6-benzyl purine and 0.5- 1.0 mg of naphthyl acetic acid every liter until the indefinite but is sprouted;
Photon Correlation Spectroscopy was used to investigate the concentration dependence of intrachain and interchain associations of polyacrylate (PAA), polyacrylate/acraylamide copolymer(PAS) and carboxymethyl starch(CMS) in electrolyte solutions. The results showed that the average hydrodynamic radius of the studied polacrylate molecules became smaller with the increasing concentration of sodium hydroxide and sodium chloride in solution which was attributed to the change of the chain conformation from an ext...;
Medical sample analysis (e.g., glucose)
The methods and compounds of the present invention relate to agonizing the Hedgehog signaling pathway, e.g., by activating the Smo receptor independent of the Shh ligand, and comprise contacting the cell with a compounds of the invention (e.g., a compound of Formula I) in a sufficient amount to agonize a normal Shh activity, antagonize a normal Ptc activity, or agonize smoothened activity (e.g., to reverse or control the aberrant growth state).
The results showed that AgNOR level was elevated with the increase of cellular proliferation, and that there was significant difference (P<0.001) between benign and malignant tumor.
Ascorbic acid （crystalline vitamin C）
Nonlinear optical property of the film annealed at 500℃ has been measured by laser Z\|scan technique, and the result shows that both the nonlinear refractive index and absorption coefficient of the composite film under non\|resonant condition are all 5 orders of magnitude greater than those of the bulk GaAs, and these mainly result from the strong quantum confinement.
Conclusion The tree-in-bud sign in pulmonary tuberculosis has some characters different from the other pulmonary infections in the formation and location.
The remaining nine microsatellite loci displayed high levels of polymorphism.A total of 91 alleles was tested with 10. 1 per locus(ranging from 4 to 14
The Experimental Study of the Treatment of the Decoy Double-strand Oligonucleotides for NF-kB in Rat Heart Transplantation
Both genes will be shut off in the presence of copper (or oxygen
The diagnosis and treatment of stubborn priapism.
SalI restriction fragments of the spinach chlorplast DNA were cloned into the Sail site of pBR322 DNA.
Methods Will be 30 cases were randomly divided into two groups,A and B group A 15 cases using MTX 50mg add saline 3ml by transvaginal ultrasonography lead pregnant focal local injection drug group B is 15 cases MTX 50mg single muscle note to medicine,both groups oral mifepristone influences 50mg twice A day,and even served three days,two groups of efficacy and adverse reaction of comparison.
Conclusion The projection of NOS positive neurons to CeA can be found in substantia nigra.
SYNTHESIS,STRUCTURE AND CHARACTERIZATION OF BINUCLEAR COPPER(Ⅱ) COMPLEXES
Bacmid-CMV-VP2 was used to be transfected into Sf9 insect cells to get the recombinant baculovirus vBac-CMV-VP2 and transduced into BHK-21 cells.
The application of vitrectomy for scleral rupture.
(1) culturing normal animal fibroblasts separated into individual cells in a medium containing a test substance and a medium free of the test substance;
The high immune serum was attained after three times immunity and the antibody titer were that IBD was1:64, ND was 1:2048 and E
A monitoring study of muscle fatigue based on SEMG
Primers deduced from these sequences were used for the PCR.
such as PROSITE ( database of protein family and domains ),
7 . the prosthetic tibial insert of claim 1 , wherein : the prosthetic tibial tray insert includes a projection adapted to be received by a recess of a prosthetic tibial tray implant about which the prosthetic tibial tray insert rotates with respect to the prosthetic tibial tray implant .
The experimental results show that, acidic conditions are conducive to the PBDEs debromination, the debromination rate decreases with increasing of the pH
Novel spiroheterocyclic compound and application of same serving as therapeutic agent
The K toner in the hopper unit 6K moves towards the toner supplying roller 10K due to the own weight of the K toner, while being stirred by the rotational drive of the agitator 8K and the stirring paddle 9K.
The invention further relates to methods for the vaccination of mammals for obtaining a protective or therapeutic immune response.
The expression of AQP1 mRNA and protein was detected by quantitative real-time PCR and Western blotting analysis in infected mouse Schwann cells.
Solid-State Synthesis and Properties of Fat Polyamine-Co Oxygenated Complexes
Study on Molecular Weight Distribution of Wheat Protein Enzymolysate by Tricine-SDS-PAGE
The invention discloses a preparation technology and application of high-substitution-degree acetate modified starch belongs to the field of starch deep processing.
Objective To explore the clinical effect and safety of misoprostol combined with calcium gluconate on preventing intranperative and postpartum hemorrhage of cesarean section.
Using hCG and progesterone redioimmunoassays, we compared theeffects of LHRH analog (LHRH-A) on hCG and progesterone secretion by cultu- red human placental tissues from arly (10~12weeks) and term (38~40 weeks)gestation.
LPS Induces MCP-1 and ICAM-1 Expression in HUVECs Via NADPH Oxidase and TLR2 Pathways
The result shows that lipase added to rice gel can delay gel degeneration.
Congenital incomplete inflation
Those disorders also include lymphomas, sarcomas, and leukemias.
Assay of Epirubicin Hydrochloride for Injection and Its Stability Study by HPLC
The soybean milk making method of the soybean milk making machine with the ordering function has the advantages of achieving the ordering function and being good in soybean milk making effect.
Signaling protein of 14-3-3 as a diagnostic antigen for the detection of antibodies against Toxoplasma gondii
study on that correlation between proliferation and apoptosis in atrophy and intestinal metaplasia of gastric mucosa
in normal cell or tissues, viruse that were attenuated and less able to counter an anti-viral immune response are readily cleared; however, in non-normal cell and/or tissues, that anti-viral response is reduced and thus, even the attenuated virus is not as efficiently cleared
Suitable bases include non-kinetic bases such as carbonates, bicarbonates, or hydroxides, (for example, sodium hydroxide, potassium bicarbonate, or sodium hydroxide) and kinetic bases such as alkyl lithiums (for example, n-butyl lithium) or sodium hydride.
Binding Properties of Insulin Receptor in Rat Spinal Cord Cell Membrane
STUDY ON CATALYTIC VAPOUR-PHASE OXIDATION OF TOLUENE TO BENZALDEHYDE
Objective:To demonstrate the changes in the expression of NT3 and trkC in the hippocampal neurons of Alzheimer disease(AD) rats induced by amyloid β-peptide25-35(Aβ25-35) and to investigate the mechanism of NT3 and trkC involved in the pathogenesis of AD
Effect of Extracorporeal Shock Wave on Cell Proliferation in Rabbit Articular Chondrocytes Cultured in Vitro
MMP-1 and MMP-3 levels in psoriasis had a strong correlation with PASI (ri=0.771, r2=0.763, PO.05
Inactivation mechanism of pulsed electric fields on Saccharomyces cerevisiae
Effect of L-methionine on trace elements in lead-intoxicated mice
LEVEL OF EVIDENCE:Level II,lesser-quality randomized controlled trial.
in chronic oral toxicity experiment, among high dosage, middle dosage, low dosage group and contrast group, no abnormality were found for that increase in body weight, the blood counts, the appearance of viscera, the functions and patho-histological changes of the kidney and the liver.
FIG. 2B depicts Northern blot analysis, which parallels the microarray expression data shown in FIG. 2A.
The clinical effect with topically administered ciprofloxacin to treat acute bacterial conjunctivitis
ResultsTreatment of 3T3-L1 cells with different insulin concentrations for 48 hours suppressed adiponectin gene expression.
The compositions of the invention include anti-CD40 antibodies, or antigen-binding fragments thereof, that have the following characteristics:
High Yield Cultivation Experimental Study of Olive in Lijiang
the product has effect of preventing and treat prostatic cancer by inhibiting HAT activity
Analysis of the levels of serum Cystain C and serum creatinine in patients with multiple myeloma
Affection of ApoE Gene-deficiency on the Expression of Caveolin-1 in the Wall of Artery
Studies on the Mechanism of the Photopolymerizatibn of Acrylonitrile Initiated by Aniline
ES cells will easily produce dishes full of neurons, for instance, but these are only useful if they can be placed in a living brain, make connections and "talk" with surrounding neurons.
Linkage type vacuum suction mammary gland therapeutic instrument
Results 32 patients have false positive results(positive result in TET,but negative in CAG),including 11 with autonomic imbalance,9 with hypertension,6 with diabetes and 6 with other disease.
Microinjecting substance P into the central amygdaloid nucleus inhibits gastric electromechanical activity in rats
(ii) specific binding to their target protein;
More over, by providing high enzyme dosage in the first process cycle, and supplementing enzyme equal to the amount of activity lost during the three successive process steps in the following process cycles, highest possible hydrolysis rates can be obtained in each process cycle resulting in short hydrolysis times of less than 48 h in combination with most efficient use of enzymes
hybridization between recessive white feather chicken or green ( black or yellow ) shank and recessive white feather chicken and high-yield brown-shell egg or white-shell egg chicken to obtain F1 generation hybrid individuals;
dipeptide and related compounds which inhibit leukocyte adhesion medicated by VLA-4
Effects of beta-1, 4-galactosyltransferase kindred on the neuronal differentiation, axis-cylinder regeneration and neural synapse growth
Based on the simulating component of the industrial gas, firstly the optimum condition of carbonation without additives is obtained.Under this optimum condition, the recovery of magnesium oxide can reach 63. 8%, carbonation time is 65min
include that self-assembly of various branched peptide amphiphile compound having associated therewith one or more bioactive epitope sequences, such compound as are available through the synthetic methodology described herein and through those co-pending applications incorporated by reference
Methods: 92 patients of angina pectoris were randomly divided into two groups. The treatment group were given general medical treatment and puerarin Injection. To observe the patients,improvement of symptoms and changes of ECG in the two groups.
The treatment of chronic wounds represents a significant burden on the healthcare system.
Another aspect of the present invention is a gene sequence of the modified genetic code of the modified- or antigen-P-domain monomer.
the purified red blood cells and the lysate of purified red blood cells are suitable for use in producing hemoglobin blood substitute.
Analysis on continued nursing care mode in the rehabilitation of patients with acute pancreatitis
The treatment group received Plendil (once a day).
Therefore, also the impedance of the patient's skin can provide valuable information regarding the patient's activity status
study on that prophylactic effect of anisodamine on ischemia-reperfusion injury of grafted live
DNA methylation and glioma
in human skin ceramide, together with cholesterol, cholesterol sulphate and free fatty acids, form a permeability barry essential for water retardation and protection of that skin from physical and chemical noxas.
in particular to a tacrolimus sustained release tablet used for liver and kidney transplantation patients and a preparation method thereof,
Microstructure "lock-in" of wormlike micelles in aqueous cationic trimer surfactant systems
however that probe is typically an oligonucleotide probe capable of hybridize to the target nucleotide sequence.
follow up exam after treatment for ? hand forefinger fracture: compared with /with no comparison with previous films, partial bone cortex of? hand forefinger fracture end is slightly thickened, bone trabecular is through, alignment and linearity of both fracture ends are good.
Is there a link between smoking and lung cancer?
including by injection ( e. g . , intradermal , subcutaneous , intramuscular , intraperitoneal etc . ) , by inhalation , by topical administration , by suppository , by using a transdermal patch or by mouth .
To discuss the clinic effects of partial hepatectomy with choledochoscope for the treatment of hepatolithiasis
Cloning and expression of HPV16 L_2 DNA from esophageal carcinoma in E. coli
for example , intravenously or intra-arterially into a blood vessel supplying a tumor .
CONCLUSION Short-term exposure to sevoflurane may interfere the development of cognitive function and induce hippocampal neurodegeneration in neonatal rats.
Methods for preparing the composite are provided, such methods being beneficial in that the composite is provided in high yields and at high purity.
This Paper established a kind of guidance estimation system for CPVC factories via researching the molecular weight and distribution of CPVC, chloride content, micro morphology of CPVC particles and the relationship between these performance and procession property
Clinical Observation on Intensive Acupuncture-moxibustion with Silver Needles for Lumbodorsal Myofascial Pain Syndrome
[Object]To investigate the function of flavohaemoglobin(HMP) in Staphylococcus aureus RN6390 under the nitrification pressure,we constructed the hmp gene deletion mutant of RN6390 strain.
Bromocriptine was prospectively examined in a double-blind, placebo controlled clinical trial in 9 subjects (Williams et al 1979).
include acrylamide and acrylic acid monomer
More particularly, patient who, in the past, has presented one or more episodes of atrial fibrillation or flutter, has presented such episodes at least three months or more before randomization; for example between three and six months
Results Of the 206 cases,138(67%) became pregnant during follow-up period.
Objective: To determine whether CT Scan can be applied in diagnosing the presence or severity of anemia.
Early diagnostic value of D-dimer for deep vein thrombosis after fracture
Methods The status of MTS1 gene in 17 cases of primary bladder cancer was detected by comparative multiple PCR and single-strand conformation polymorphism (SSCP
Coating agent for pharmaceutical solid preparation, pharmaceutical film formulation, and coated pharmaceutical solid preparation
Nursing and the Effect Observation of Middle-aged and Senile Cervical Vertebra DIsease Treated with NMT 91 Multi-functional Nenomuscular Therapeutic Equipment
In order to study the possible interaction mechanism,the influence of salt effect on the fluorescence intensity of QDs-SDS was discussed.The result indicated that SDS could bind to the ligand of ZnS:Mn QDs surface through electrostatic force,which resulted in fluorescence quenching.
Detection and clinical significance of anti-idiotype against in hepatitis B patients
Colony PCR Apply to The Rice Genome Sequencing
Methods 30 patients were analyzed. 13 cases of the prehepatic portal hypertension(43.3%) and 17 cases of Budd-Chiari Syndrome(56.7%) were treated.
While most agents will diffuse across both the stratum corneum and the epidermis, the rate of diffusion through the stratum corneum is often the limiting step.
Interactions between nutrition and immunity are diverse and can have profound implications for pig growth and productivity
Results: Thirty-four patients(83. 3%) completed the investigation and all responded well to tadalafil medication.
In order to improve the yield of Bacterial Cellulose fermented by Acetobacter xylinum CGMCC5173,the optimum conditions for fermentation were investigated.
coli host cells and β-galacotosidase assay demonstrated BB0462 protein enhanced the transcription activity of oppAⅤ promoter, but didn't affect those of other oppAⅠ-Ⅳ promoters
The oncentration of inoculated fungi is 10 7;
The myocardial infarction of the mouse is treated by using the micro RNA inhibitor for the first time, an obvious treatment effect is achieved, the micro RNA inhibitor has potential application value when developed into a medicine for treating the myocardial infarction of the mouse, and great innovation is provided.
Among the 118 patients, there was a significant result between the SIR-2R level of 52 cases with SB≥51. 3μmol/L and that of 66 cases with SB<51. 3μmol/L(P<0.001). The study shows that increased SIL-2R probably reflects hepacytic damage and clinical condition of hepatitis B and cirrhosis, and thus may have some role in determining clinical type and estimating prognosis
Methods Locating puncture point on atrial septum by left atrial impression on esophagus, middle and lower 1/4 margin of the impression as highth of puncture, the crossing of the margin to middle and right 1/4 vertical line of spone is puncture point on atrial septum.
Hence, the aim of the present study was to investigate the anticancer properties of curcumin in cisplatin-resistant human ovarian cancer cells in vitro.
Objective: This paper makes an assay of arrhythmia material with the application of dynamic electrocardiogram(DCG),for the purpose of better prevention and accurate guiding treatment.
The Analysis of Oxidation products of paraffin by NMR (Ⅱ)
study on that dissolution of four theophylline control and sustained release preparation in dynamic pH condition in vitro
Clustering analysis showed that the genetic similarity coefficient(GS) ranged between 0. 5480~0.
38-kDa mitogen-activated protein kinase found expressed at high levels in LUNG; KIDNEY; TESTIS; PANCREAS; and SMALL INTESTINE
The Expression and Significance of KAI1/CD82 and Integrin α 5in Lung Cancer
Construction of Binary Bacterial Artificial Chromosome (BIBAC) Library of Dongxiang Wild Rice
HPLC Determination of Paeoniflorin in Dangdiling Granules
forming on a metal foil an undercoat film layer made of a poly ( amic acid ) which has been imidized at least partly;
Objective To evaluate the association of serum C-reactive protein(CRP) and platelet(PLT) with transient ischemic attack(TIA)in elderly patients.
Event-related Potential P300 studies on cognitive function in drug-naive first-episode schizophrenia:a Meta-analysis
In the present invention a simple, crude purification protocol is used comprising size exclusion chromatography, phenol:chloroform extraction and ethanol precipitation.
The respiratory depression effect of morphine was almost blocked by pretreatment with naloxone (1μg / 1μl) injected into the medial area of the nucleus retrofacialis (mNRF).
Comparison and Observasion to the Influence of PSQI and PSG on Primary Insomnia Patients with Acupuncting Shenmai Point with Reducing Method and Zhaohai Point with Reinforcing Method
Concentration 1: 6.25 mg T-HA/mL PBS Concentration 2: 12.5 mg T-HA/mL PBS
denuded oocytes
Under the same amendment rates of leaf and stem,the pools of soil MBC were larger in the treatments of leaf amendment than that in the treatments of stem amendment,whereas the contents of SOC were higher in the treatments of stem amendments than those in the treatments of leaf amendments.
On the one hand, there is the D2 group, consisting of D2, D3 and D4 receptors, and, on the other hand, the D1 group, consisting of D1 and D5 receptors
A follow-up indicated that all of them could take care of themselves in daily life,some returned to normal work.
The purpose of this study was to compare effects of different anti-adherent agents which were used to prevent adhesion after recovering embryos in Boer goat.
GSH deletion increases the activity of p38MAPK in MNNG treatment
Allergic reaction was reported in rare cases
in crosse of that 8 autotetraploidy rices ( Oryza sativa, 2n=4x=48 ), APIV ( 4 ), IR36 ( 4 ), Zixuedao ( 4 ), Ce 64 ( 4 ), Minghui 63 ( 4 ), IR28 ( 4 ), Ce 90 ( 4 ) and Gui 99 ( 4 ) use as the females, with pennisetum alopecuroides ( 2n=2x=18 ) used as the males, the seed were obtained, but no seed was got in the crosses of the 3 diploidy rices ( Oryza sativa, 2n=2x=24 ), APIV ( 2 ), Ce 90 ( 2 ) and Zixuedao ( 2 ) used as the females, with pennisetum alopecuroides ( the males ).
On the other hand,D-ribose as an energetic enhancer was found to decrease the concentration of blood D-glucose,and thus "Oral administration of D-ribose in diabetes mellitus" was ever described by Steinberg and colleagues(1970).
The results also showed that cell-ECM adhesion on the cell of ACC-2 were obviously higher than that of ACC-M without mechanical stimulation.
The hydrogen generation rates were 109 mL/min and 36 mL/min for the stirred and not stirred compositions, respectively.
SYNTHESIS OF POLYACETYLENE WITH HIGH STRENGTH AND CONDUCTIVITY-Effect of Ether Solvents on Properties
Can prevent normal cell cancerous, and can inhibit proliferation of cancer cells.
Amplification and cloning of phosphatase of regenerating liver-3 from the humans
Objective: To explore the rapeutic effect of the treatment of children’s adenoidal hypertrophy by plasma melting combined adenoidectomy under nasal endoscope.
Experimental Study of Left-side Contrast Echocardiography by Intravenous Injection of Hand-agitated Perflurocarbon Microbubbles
Results: Among 315 patients,35.2%(111/315) knew nothing about major symptoms of osteoporosis;only 22. 9%(72/315) heard about osteoporosis by the medical staffs,and 64. 4%(203/315) hoped to learn about osteoporosis-related symptoms from the medical staffs.Considering osteoporosis,53.
study of MTT colorimetric assay as chemosensitivity T for hepatic cancer cell
Inspection and Treatment of Localized Lesions in Swine Kidneys due to Pasteurella sp.
Conclusion It was indicated that the overexpression of PP2A-B55δ subunit involved in the inhibition of cell viability and S-phase cell cycle was arrested in human liver cells induced by CdCl2,and these effects were related to the activation of NF-κB signal pathway.
The reaction mixture was stirred for 2 hours after adding completed.
The positive rates of LivinαmRNA in laryngeal squamous carcinoma and polyp of vocal cord were 65%(26/40) and 0% respectively . The difference of the LivinαmRNA expression between the experimental group and control group was significant (p<0.05).
Ureteroscopic Ho:YAG Laser Lithotripsy with Simultaneous Two Double Pigtail Stents for Ureteral Calculi after Failed ESWL
9. A transgenic plant, plant cell, plant part, plant leaf, plant organ, plant fruit or seed comprising
synthetic polymer ( e. g. cross-linked acrylate / methacrylate polymer such as carbopol ( r), cellulose) are typically used to obtain stability and / or increase viscosity
Expression and clinical pathological significance of VEGF,KAI-1,c-kit in triple-negative breast cancer
kanamycin-resistant transformants were isolated and the disruption of csdA on the chromosome was confirmed by Southern hybridization .
Organic substance fermentation stirrer
in particular, fdh as the only formate dehydrogenase employed hitherto on an industrial scale and accessible in commercial amounts unfortunately has a high sensitivity- towards organic solvents.
Research on Biologic Limit of Detection and Functional Sensitivity of Chemiluminescence Immunoassay in the Detection of AFP
Treatment of complex hepatic bile duct stones by pneumatic lithotripsy under ureteroscope combined with biliary fiberscope and traditional surgery
Intervention of Psychology and Behavior on Obesity Induced by Antipsychotic Drugs in Schizophrenia
The effects of exogenous hydrogen sulfides on the senescence and physiological and biochemical characteristics of garlic leaf were studied.
Therefore, the position of the indicator on rod 102 gives a measurement of the dilation of the cervix.
Methods To collect the dates of the patients which had the brain lesion and vertigo or dizziness without vertigo in the same time from January 2010 to August 2011. BPPV and Meinere disease were excluded.
during the fermentation, electric field in specific frequency spectrum is applied to control the biochemical reaction mode and micro process, shorten the fermentation period, increase the content of aromatic matters and make the product mellow.
the amount of filtration remnant increased aft that treatment in the nitric acid aqueous solution, by the zirconia functioning to prevent contact between the ceria of the core and the nitric acid aqueous solution
and a plasma gas supplying means ( 38 ) for supplying the process container with a gas to be brought into the plasma state.
Design and Experimental Study of a 2-D Distraction Appliance for Palatal Bone Distraction Osteogenesis
Conclusion:Results of the study showed that Vancocin is an effective, relatively safe antibiotic for treatment of severe infections including septicemia, low respiratory tract infections, pneumonia, skin, and soft tissue infection due to MRSA, MRCON and entrococci
Objective To assess the Application of combined splnal-epidural analgesia for labor pain relief.
MUTATION OF CDKN 2/P16 GENE IN HUMAN HEPATOCELLULAR CARCINOMA (HCC
Objective To explore the reconstruction of nasal defects through transposition of nasolabial groove flaps with pedicel.
Such methods may include an Allan-Robinson Reaction which is a chemical reaction of o- hydroxylaryl ketones with aromatic anhydrides to form flavanones.
Several pretreatment approaches of DNA methylation combined with next-generation sequencing have generated enormous high-throughput data.How to store,process and analyze large volume of raw data produced are in an urgent requirement.
the RNA used for that electroporation, correspond to the various vectors ( 26Sm1 or m2, SFV GAGPOL and SFV ENV ), are transcribed using 1.5. mu. g of linearize DNA by means of an Invitrogen Sp6 polymerase kit.
THE INTRODUCTION AND APPLICATION OF REGRESSION MODELS FOR ORDINAL CATEGORICAL RESPONSE IN EPIDEMIOLOGY
Influence of 3′ untranslated region single nucleotide polymorphism of TLR4 gene on luciferase gene expression
Methods In this study serum levels of basal FSH,LH and estradiol(E2),and information on blood type(A,B,AB and O) were procured for 205 cases of women female patients,they were divided into two groups according to basal FSH(bFSH) level which were group A(≤10 IU/L) and group B(>10 IU/L),and to compare the percent of blood type in the two groups.
Since most of the phosphorus is locked up in phytate salts, exogenous phytase enzymes with a low pH optimal, mainly from fungal origins, are frequently added as feed additives.
The invention provides a luminescent material, which is white up-conversion luminescent powder obtained by coating La2O3 S: Yb3+ and Ho3+ nanoparticles with silicon dioxide/ aminosilane.
wherein the stabilizer comprises a cysteine derivative selected from the group consisting of cystamine dihydrochloride , cysteine hydrochloride monohydrate , cysteine ethyl ester hydrochloride , cysteine diethyl ester dihydrochloride , cysteine methyl ester hydrochloride , cysteine dimethyl ester dihydrochloride , cysteinesulfinic acid monohydrate , 5-thio-d-glucose , reduced 1-glutathione , and combinations thereof .
Characterization of salicylate 5-hydroxylase for phenanthrene degradation using moderately halophilic Martelella sp. AD-3
Difference of Gene Expression Profiles between HL-60/VCR and HL-60 Cells Detected by Human Genome Genechip
The paper is concerned with the process of stalar division in G. macrophylla root. The recent results of an experiment in developmental anatomy show that the primary structure of G.macrophlla is normal,and early stage of secondary growth is normal too. In the course of later process of seconfary growth,because the division of parenchyma inner xylem and become innormal combium quickly and connect with vascular cambium, forming a new cambium circul. Therefore the xylem are divided into several four to six par...
Biore UV Mild Care Milk 140ml
The PCR was performed using chromosome DNA of the transformed microorganism as a template and oligonucleotide of SEQ ID Nos: 5 and 6 as a primer to amplify about 5,040 bp of a NCgl1835 gene segment (100-671 nucleotide of SEQ ID NO: 1) including the pCR-1835 plasmid.
Establishment of a new low-density cDNA Macroarray and the application in the activity of IFN against HBV
study on trichomoniasisvi. a comparative study on that growth rates of t. foetus in different culture media
Method To analysis 68 cases of intercondylar fracture of femur
And spectroscopy of stable molecules, spectroscopy of Van der Waals molecules, free radical spectroscopy and photofragment spectroscopy using the techniques of laser spectroscopy of supersonic molecular beams are explained
Methods: SD rats were randomly divided into 5 groups: Sham, OVX, OVX+BE_2, OVX+P and OVX+BE_2+P group
Ⅰ.Screening, Molecular Cloning, and Identifying of Encoding Gene of Fibrinolytic Activity Protein from Clamworm Ⅱ.Investigate the Biologic Activity of Fibrinolytic Activity Protein from Clamworm and Its Distribution in Vivo of Clamworm
Results Except 17 cases, 127 patients fulfilled inclusion criteria: 66 in treatment group and 61 in control group, dental filling for 60 and extraction for 67 cases, male 55 and female 72,average at 38.84 ± 12.06 years.
Livability and mean total upright posture time of each bipedal rat group on the day of 5,6,7,9,11,13 weeks age were counted and compared to evaluate the influence on the upright-posture-simulating effect by different operation times
The patient will record the incidence and severity of the hot flushes and diary cards.
and can result in molecular isoforms of the product , with retention of procoagulant activity .
where alpha denotes the dark output characteristic coefficient and beta denotes the integral dose.
small molecular chemical group with high reaction activity are introduced to that hydroxyl group of the hydroxyl of high molecular hydrophibic substance of polysaccharose, and chromatography base soliquoid is acquired.
enlargement of pulmonary hilus
R10 to R20 are each independently a group selected from the group consisting of hydrogen, halogen, alkyl, aralkyl, phenyl, a condensed bicyclic aromatic group and a heterocyclic group which may be substituted;
Example 9 A bleached southern softwood kraft airlaid web bonded with 5% latex was prepared with a basis weight of about 150 gsm and a thickness of 2.3 mm. One piece of the dry, flat web was sprayed with an aqueous solution comprising 2% BELCLENEO DP80 (polymeric anionic reactive compound, FMC Corp.) and 1% sodium hypophosphite catalyst at a wet add-on level of 150% (1.5 g of solution per g of fiber).
Analysis of Genetic Diversity of Trigonobalanus doichangensis (Fagaceae) by RAPD~*
the step for obtaining that salvianolic acid B of which the purity is above 92 percent are quite a lot, the cost is very high, and the prior art cannot be apply to industrial production. the preparation method consists of the steps of extraction, pre-column, polyamide chromatography and collection, wherein the pre-column comprises the follow steps: filtering an extracting solution and then putting the same on a DA-201 type polar resin column, and using water to remove impurities firstly
Methods Kromasil C18 column（250 mm × 4. 6 mm,5 μm） was used.The mobile phase consisted of methol-acetonitrile-1% ammonium acetate（pH 5. 0±0.02）（12:2 8:6 0）.The flow rate was 1. 0 mL/min and the detection wavelength was at 283 nm.
Effects of compound from Chinese medicine on oxidation and anti-oxidation system of rat liver with steatohepatitis induced by high-fat diets
specific probe and match primer or specific prim and matched reverse primer and specific virus detecting probe are design based on HBV genotype characteristic sites for detecting HBV genotype alone or performing real-time fluoroscopic examination on that identical sample in several PCR tubes to detect type B and type C or general type.
The change study of A-V delay and hemodynamic on the obstructive hyperophic cardiomyopath treated with dual chamber pacing
There were 26 intestinal type samples, 29 diffuse and 1 mixture type samples according to Lauren's classification According to histological classification, there were 5 papillary adenocarcinoma samples;
The invention applies the nano-biotechnology during the preparation process, takes the chitosan which is modified by polyvinylpyrrolidone as the capsule materials and makes use of the phacoemulsification extraction method to wrap a variety of cell growth factors in the capsule, therefore, the obtained compound growth factor capsule has good sustained-release effect, high activity of the growth factor and can be preserved stably for a long time.
Conclusion The oxygenic force atomization atmotherapy is better than supersonic atomization atmotherapy in treating child bronchiolitis
The case of 4,3,2,1,0 CREGs MM, the early rejection were respectively 28.6%,22.9%,9.5%,6.9%,5.5%.
Objective: To compare the different effect of Yupingfengsan total polysaccharide(TYP) with different administration methods and periods on immunosuppression mice.
Effect of 5-azacytidine on the methylation of DAPK1 in cervical carcinoma cell line
Identification and Analysis of mtDNA Haplotype on Phytophthora infestans(Mont.) de Bary
Conclusion The result of reflux esophagitis was obviously and eusemia by Esomeprazole and Itopride,which was to be used.
Barthel score is determined by means of the treatment efficiency;thrombolysis in myocardial ischemia(TIMI)was used to identify the recanalization.The data of two groups of patient’s treatment,short-term and long-term prognosis were analyzed comparatively.
The invention further discloses a carp and crucian carp distant hybridization strain building method which can enable male hybridization fish and female hybridization fish of carp and crucian carp hybridization F1 generation obtained through the breeding method to be in selfing to culture to obtain carp and crucian carp hybridization F2 generation.
the body can produce clenbuterol-orientated antigens with high titer and good specificity,
sequon polypeptides
The influence of reaction solvent, solvent amount, type and amount of deacidification agent on reaction yield and product purity was investigated
To evaluate if the development of allergic diseases can be prevented in early infancy by modulating the intestinal microbiota with probiotic bacteria, families at high risk for allergy were identified and 132 mothers were randomized to receive LGG or placebo daily for 2-4 weeks before delivery and for 6 months after delivery201.
Conclusion Autologous peripheral blood stem cell transplantation for treatment of hepatitis B cirrhosis could be with recent safety and effectiveness,and could improve the liver function of patients.
The Transport Function of Cerebral Paravascular Space in vivo Using Two Photon Imaging
The boron-nitrogen co-doped nano-diamond disclosed by the invention can use B2H6, N2, H2 and CH4 to deposit for 6-20h for preparation through a plasma chemical vapor deposition method under the conditions that the temperature is 420-600 DEG C, the pressure is 4-8kPa, the volume fractions of N2 and CH4 are 0.5-2.5% and 0.8-3% respectively, and the concentration of B2H6 is 5000-25000ppm.
in addition, fermentable sugar may be obtained from cellulosic and lignocellulosic biomas through processes of pretreatment and saccharification, as described, for example, in co-owned and co-pending US patent application US20070031918A1, which is herein incorporated by reference.
Application of Dual-color Fluorescence Hybridization chip Technique in the detection of CYP1A1 MspI genetic polymorphism
In another embodiment, the nucleic acid probes may be used in direct fluorescence in situ hybridisation (FISH) mapping (Trask (1991) Trends Genet. 7:149-154).
introduce that activated O2 and O3, dilute, inoculating in cultured Vero E6 cell board, culturing and observe the lesion of cells
the catalytic, liquid phase oxidation of p- xylene must be conducted in acetic acid as solvent, at temperature, pressure and with acetic acid to p-xylene weight ratio such that 15 to 50 % of the formed pta is not maintained in solution, and operating under specific temperature conditions in presence of very specific composition and concentration of a catalyst.
Methods of using compounds of Formula (I) and stereoisomers, tautomers and pharmaceutically acceptable salts thereof, for in vitro, in situ, and in vivo diagnosis, prevention or treatment of such disorders in mammalian cells, or associated pathological conditions are disclosed.
Conclusion The level of serum myocardial enzymes in patients with MODS provides a reference mark for reflecting state of illness and evaluating prognosis.
The results showed that this micro-emulsioned mould inhibitor could significantly extend the shelf-life of the moon cakes, and improve their water-holding power a
14 . the method of claim 13 , wherein both the ( 2S ) -2-methylacyl-CoA converting enzyme and the trans-2,3-dehydroacyl-CoA converting enzyme are an acyl-CoA dehydrogenase or a trans-2-enoyl-CoA reductase . 15 .
Comparison of intravenous analgesia with butorphanol and tramadol after hysterectomy
Before 20th century,medicine consisted mainly of amputation saws,morphine and crude remedies that were about as effective as bloodletting.
Since the final temperature will actually depend on the electrical properties of the tissue volume which vary from individual to individual, the rapid rise in temperature of the tissue volume limits control of the tissue heating.
Studies on pharmacokinetics of Yu-mei dissoluble tablets and bioequivalence of its two formulations
syndrome decoding
chinese medicine composition for treating digestive system ulcer
in that case where the acrylic resin in the acrylic resin emulsion include two or more acrylic resins wherein at least two of these two or more acrylic resin have the above glass transition temperature difference between them, it is favorable that, of the at least two acrylic resins having the above temperature difference between them, an acrylic resin having a high glass transition temperature than the others is used in an amount of 10 to 80 weight %, more favorably 10 to 50 weight %, in terms of solid content relative to the entire acrylic resins in the acrylic resin emulsion
study on n BuLi TMEDA system in anionic copolymerization of butadiene and styrene
Kidney filter
study of that mutation breed and fermentation on glutamic acid yielding bacterium with Low energy N~+ ion beam implantation
Methods: with different tissue or organs of Zanthoxylum nitidumas explants cultured in different growth media for comparison experiments to select optimum experimental scheme.
instead of a gut, or within a gutter, an adsorbent may be provide, for instance charcoal, a zeolite, porous alumina, etc., as will be known in that art, for adsorption of the particles which, due to ( for instance ) gravity, migrate downwards.
Administration will be by any route that could be utilized for clinical or non-clinical purposes .
Immunolocalization of the Signaling Protein l4-3-3 of Schistosoma japonicum
2.1 Development of a Yeast Meiotic Homeologous Recombination System
Results The Cp50 of remifentanil was 1. 76 ng/ml (95% confidence interval 1. 62-1. 88 ng/ml).
Clinical study on neuroblastoma transforming into ganglioneuroma
An Investigation of the Psychological Health of the Traumatic Brain Injury Patients
Methods According to reports of all cases of acute schistosomiasis 2001- 2005, the database was built, checked and analyzed by using Visual forpro 6.0 and Excel 2003. Results From 2001 to 2005,1033 cases of acute schistosomiasis and 19 episodes of outbreaks were reported in Anhui province
Moreover,the pigA3GFP-AβDsRed and pigA3GFP were mixed with helper plasmid helper-pigA3 respectively,and then were introduced into the eggs of goldfish and loach by sperm-mediated transfer.The results of fluorescence observation,PCR and Dot blotting verified that both transgenic goldfish and loach were obtained.
in a further aspect this invention also provide related nucleic acid, amino acids, vectors, host cells, pharmaceutical composition and articles of manufacture
Expression and identification of F1 antigen of Y.pestis in Saccharomyces cerevisiae
the prefer polyepoxy compounds are that diglycidyl ether of bisphenol-A, the advanced diglycidyl ethers of Bisphenol-A, the diglycidyl ethers of and bisphenol-F, and the epoxy novolac resin
Self-management program is an intervention mode which can improve patient self-management behaviors and promote patient health.
This study has made a foundation for the future research of the related arrested genes and mechanism of diapause in Haemonchus contortus.
Polymer particles, process for production thereof, resin compositions containing the particles, and moldings
Studies on Inheritance and Candidate Genes of Inosine-5'-Monophosphate and Intramuscular Fat Contents in Chicken Meat;
Thus in the above 200 series from TBA, the mixture of micro-organisms will comprise strains with the following codes:
A clinical study of posterior teeth root canal working length measured by electronic apex locator
Results showed that the obtained hydrogels had well-defined and interconnected 3Dporous network,and excellent blood compatibility.The hemolysis ratio was greatly suppressed.Meanwhile,the hybrid gels exhibited ultra-high adsorption capacities against the toxic cationic molecules and heavy metal ions.
Observation Colour of the Same Complex
Determine the need to re-plan Intuitive evaluation tools allow side-by-side comparison of patient images, visualizing the impact of the change in the patient on the original contours.
Effects of ginsenoside-Rh_2 on proliferation and apoptosis for K562 cell line
Diagnostic kits, such as for a "sandwich" -type assay, may also be used to determine if an individual has receptors which bind canine OB protein, or those which, to varying degrees, have reduced binding capacity or ability.
The results showed that the cmc of the alkylaryl sulfonate hyperbranched polymer surfactant was lower than that of the ordinary alkylaryl sulfonate surfactant(SDBS) by 1 order of magnitude,which exhibited higher surface activity.
acute ischemic stroke
FOXP3 inhibitors can inhibit protein (such as Tip60) binding of FOXP3 functional complex, thereby inhibiting Treg function
Britt. Methods:The chromatography condition was column packed with 15% of DEGS, column temperature was 182 ¡æ using FID detector and heptadecanoic acid ethyl ester served as internal standard
Objective To explore the clinical significance of measurement of changes on serum Hcy,P-Selectin and IGF-Ⅰ levels after treatment in patients with acute cerebral infarction.
subcortical white matt lesions
Meiran Xie.Synthesis and properties of a novel,liquid,trifunctional,cycloaliphatic epoxide[J].Journal of polymer science:Part A:Polymer chemistry,2001,39:2799-2804.
However,this hypothesis remains unconfirmed.Based on modeling experiments,this study investigated the speciation of arsenic in loess,and then determined the release rates and quantities of arsenic with the mediation of anaerobic bacteria.
In non-cirrhotic HCV patients, this rarely results in significant complications;
The experiment was designed as split-plot with two factors and six replications. The shading with used plastic film and white plastic het ob-viously reduced the leaf and fruit temperature in camparison with no-shading.Also the soil temperature was lowered.The combination of shad-ing and pruning can reduce the light lapse rate among plants. The leaf area and its rate were enlarged. of the two shading materials , the used plastic film was more availible. The fruit was the weightiest and the diseased fruit rat...
Methods The clinical records of 22 cases of forearm free flap for the maxillofacial and head-neck reconstruction were summed up and analyzed.
Exemplary mammalian cells include, e.g., CHO cells (including CHO-K1, CHO DUKX-B11, CHO DG44), VERO, BHK, HeLa, CV1 (including Cos; Cos-7), MDCK, 293, 3T3, C127, myeloma cell lines (especially murine), PC12, HEK-293 cells (including HEK-293T and HEK-293E), PER C6, Sp2/0, NSO and W138 cells.
This example used an oil soluble dye that can diffuse in the hydrophobic coating as opposed to Comparative Examples 4 and 5 that used water soluble dyes unable to diffuse in the hydrophobic coating and that ended up being washed away in the rinsing water.
in recent year immunotherapy and gene therapy approaches utilize antibodies and Tlymphocytes have emerged as new and promise methods for treating human disease.
the present invention concern a pharmaceutical formulation comprising a high dose composition of ursodeoxycholic acid. in particular, it concern an immediate release formulation containing a high dose of a multiparticulate with ursodeoxycholic acid for oral administration
2 cases were treated by TACE only, and no serious complications.
Results The clinical symptoms and changes in blood gas before and after treatment were better than that of the control group(P<0.01).
Optionally halogenated lower alkyl is, e.g., lower alkyl or polyhalo-lower alkyl.
THE ANALYSIS OF THE EXCESS PRESSURE IN BILE VESICLEAND ITS NUCLEATION SIGNIFICANCE
The model of caudate nuclear hemorrhage in rats.
Unless stated otherwise, 3-D images of immunofluorescently stained cells were acquired using DMRA fluorescence microscope (Leica) with cooled CCD camera (Apogee), deconvolved using Huygens software (SVI) and processed using Photoshop (Adobe Systems).
So the mammary gland specific expressional vector is constructed,which contains report gene (EGFP),antibiotics gene (Kana/neo),regulatory element (bovine BLG gene upstream regulation fragment) and foreign target gene (CSFV E2 gene).
the polymeric compound should be formulated to minimize any potential inhibiting activity by it relative to the polymerization reaction between the polymerizable material and the polymerization agent.
in addition, that surgeon may interact with the compute 12 to view previously displayed image of surgical steps, selectively view images, instruct the computer 12 to rend the anatomical result of a proposed surgical step or procedure, or perform other surgical related functions
In this paper,the progress of quasi-solid state polymer electrolytes was reviewed.
The endotoxin also stimulated the release of [~3H] PGI_2 and [~3H] arachidonic acid from [~3H] araehidonic acid prelabelled endothelial cells.
Individuals suffering from delayed gastric emptying frequently develop symptoms associated with insufficient nutrient utilisation such as weight loss, infections and a general lack of energy.
In this paper, the adsorption method of PVPP-starch is used to treat a low-alcohol honey wine, make the impurities in the wine precipitate completely and quicken the filter speed.
Synthesized ion-retardation resin heat-resistant character equal to the United States Dow chemical industrial corporation Retardation 11A-8 ion-retardation resin, Separation effect of synthesized ion-retardation resin was better than Retardation 11A-8 ion-retardation resin for acrylic fibres NaSCN solution ,non-volatile impurity(NVI) separation rate reach 75.8%.
The most important finding is that Y15 blocked tumorigenesis in mice in vivo, showing potential in therapy for these drugs
Effect of Cultivation and Expansion in Vitro on CD34~+ Cells and HLA Antigen Expression of Umbilical Cord Blood
The effect of theory of “treating potential diseases” on lower blood pressure in young and mid-aged hypertensive patients
the present invention disclose one new kind of polypeptide, human TFIIS characteristic sequence fragment-containing zinc finger protein 43, polynucleotide encoding this polypeptide and DNA recombination process to produce that polypeptide
Methods 68 cases with lower respiratory tract infection were randomly divided into sequential therapy group and control group with gatifloxacin intravenously
study on genotype-environment interactions of seedling height in provenance trial of platycladus orientalis
Surfactants Proteins Polyelectrolytes Polypeptides Polysaccharides
study on kinetic of CoQ_ ( 10) production in tobacco cell cultures
The Cloning and Expression of Gene NCED from Wheat
the molecular clip with end group functionality is deposited from an organic solvent on a particular surface to form a monolayer of the adduct on the surface and then the substrate is immersed in a dispersion of cnt or fullerene in a liquid.
Conclusion Both D-Met and 5-FU can induce the apo-ptosis of gastric cancer cells and inhibit the proliferation of tumor cells. D-Met seems superior to Met-Hcy+.
FLAG - Fabs ( Fabs labeled with a FLAG epitope fused at the carboxyterminal of the heavy chain fragment with a pentapeptide bridge ) were constructed and purified as described elsewhere .
investigation on epidemiology of carbapenem-resistant Acinetobacter baumannii and carbapenemases
Conclusion There are a certain relevance in establishment and open of collateral circulation with a variety of ischemic cerebrovascular disease risk factors in middle cerebral artery stenosis.
Therefore, Red Yeast Rice is good for regulating physiological function for cardiovascular health
Changes of Plasma Cardiac Troponin I after Coronary Stent Implantation and Coronary Angiography
There were a little difference between effects of pH 3.0~8.0 in the medium on laccase production, but the culture temperature, inoculation amount and ventilation volume had greater influence on laccase production.
Introduction Glucocorticoids ( GC) represent the cornerstone of anti-inflammatory treatment in many chronic inflammatory diseases
in case of gamma or electron beam irradiation, that sterilization is perform preferably on the composition after dry ( such as freeze-drying or spray drying ), in order to minimize possible effect on the biological activity of the composition.
Research on the Absorption of Sodium Lactate and Removal of Cd(Ⅱ) by Immobilized SRB
Effect of α-lipoic acid on renal c-Jun N-terminal kinase pathway in diabetic rats
Thus, the shaft 26 of the first bone anchor 22 extends oblique with respect to the bone plate 52 and underlying bone 21, and the shaft 42 of the second bone anchor 24 extends perpendicular with respect to the bone plate 52 and underlying bone 21, though it should be appreciated that both shafts 26 and 42 could alternatively extend in a direction oblique to the bone plate 52 (and the underlying bone 21
The patients were followed up for5-12 months after operation(mean 9 months),clinical healing time was 6-12 months(average 8 months),1 case had delayed union.
immunohistochemical localization of immature and mature dendritic cell in laryngeal carcinoma tissue
MRI and MRCP Diagnosis of Bile Duct Cancer
Some domestic enterprises also used methyl trichlorosilane for the preparation of silane coupling agent, methyl silicone resin and water-proofing agent and so on
Study on the synergistic effect and mechanism of organic bentonite for maintaining the stability of the pesticide emulsion oil in water formulation
in ord for these drugs to be absorb into that bloodstream and transported to a biological site of interest, they usually must first be dissolved and then permeate the intestinal wall.
Mucosa defect
Study on Preparation of Gelatin with Enzyme
As will be appreciated more fully from the detailed description below, the present invention provides a secure attachment of the embolic implant to a deployment instrument during the deployment process, while also allowing for the easy and reliable detachment of the embolic implant once it is properly situated with respect to the target site.
05),while that of oxiracetam treated group was greater than that of DBI group(P<0.05).Conclusion DBI may influence the cognitive ability of rats;oxiracetam is effective in recover of cognitive ability.
The line (2) forms a milk line during expression for transporting the breast milk expressed in the breast cup (4) to the chamber and from the chamber to the milk-collecting container (7).
A specific network of neurons is needed for a specific percept, not any random collection of neurons that become highly active.
Setting up Alzheimer disease cell apoptosis model with PC-12 cell induced by Aβ_(25-35
Objective:To study the value of spiral CT and its post-processing techniques in the diagnosis of aortic intramural hematoma(AIH).
Effect of Gandou Tablet No. 1 for Biochemistry of Copper and Liver - Kidney Functions in Hepatolenticular Degeneration,
Optimized Conditions for the Grafting Reaction of Methyl Methacrylate on Silk Fiber
Telomerase promoter
At the end of the fixation step, the resin is rinsed with ideally 4 liters of water and then eluted in continuous with ideally 4 liters of 70% v/v ethanol and consecutively rinse again with 4 liters of water.
The bone grafting material of the invention
Epidemic Analysis on Hemorrhagic Fever with Renal Syndrome in Boshan District,Zibo City,2005-2010
Angiogenin is very important physiologic function on normal tissue growth and rebuilding. furthermore, it possibilitily takes part in birthing new vein of the tissue of tumour, and acts the pathology in transferring tumour.
Scientists can use this tendency to derive a kind of molecular clock from the nucleotide changes in pseudogenes and use it to study the overall dynamics and evolution of the genome.
EM- or Tcr- strainsof Uu (or Mh) had no cross-resistance to YH-6.
Its flawed genes made it vulnerable to common diseases.
study on that effects of irradiation disinfestation of mite in pu-er tea
BLAST protein searches are performed with the XBLAST program, score=50, wordlength=3 to obtain amino acid sequences homologous to the protein molecules of the invention
The combined expression of FHIT protein and Caspase-3; FHIT protein and PCNA in SCC were correlated with grade, Duke's stages, lymph node metastasis and 5-year survival rate(P
Results:The amount of trans fatty acids in edible oils heated to 300 ℃ is twice more than the fresh oil,and the content and variety of trans fatty acids increase with increasing heating temperature or heating time.Therefore,heating temperature and heating time lead to the formation and variation of trans fatty acids.
Genotype of β-Thalassemia in Children in Foshan Region
Strategy study of harvesting total facial flap and donor choice for allograft transplantation in cadaver
The invention relates to a Toll-like receptor regulatory oligonucleotide and a functional analog thereof, and application of the oligonucleotide and the functional analog thereof in prevention and treatment of immune-mediated diseases.
the amplification product can be detected directly, for example by agarose gel electrophoresis or by perform a further hybridization reaction with at least one sequence specific probe
Results:There was a high incidence(60.8%) in the age group of 36~55 years.
Effects of Manzhi Kechuanning Capsules on MMP-9 and TIMP-1 in lung tissue of rat models with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
Objective To explore influence of the push-pull G on glial fibrillary acidic protein(GFAP)expression in rat brain astrocytes.
Conclusion The EBV relates with the pathogenesis of chronic tonsillitis and adenoid hypertrophy.
if necessary, antibiotic such as ampicillin, tetracycline and chloramphenicol may be added to that medium dure the culturing
STUDIES ON THE CHANGES OF SPECIES ABUNDANCE STRUCTURES OF THE FOREST IN
The expression and identification of myosin-binding protein C
The present invention provides one kind of new antitumor compound
The IC50 values for the 5-HT6 receptor were high for all the compounds tested.
which are useful as therapeutic compounds, particularly in the treatment of pain and other conditions ameliorated by the modulation of the function of the vanilloid-1 receptor ( VR1 ).
suitable linker in this regard include any divalent moiety that is capable of joining that phosphonic acid group to a silicon atom via a covalent bond.
The Effect of Danggui Precondition on VEGF and Cyclin D1 Expression after Global Cerebral Ischemia
The examination of breast diseases included clinical examination and X-red scanning check.
The reaction patterns of Yanzhan 4110 and Tianmin 668 were identical.The remaining cultivars developed different patterns of reaction to the B. graminis isolates tested.
The electrochemical behaviors of dopamine(DA) and ascorbic acid(AA) at the prepared electrodes were investigated using cyclic voltammetry(CV) and differential pulse votammetric(DPV) methods.
the fact that some es cells from existing cell lines were found to exhibit the sialic residue neu5gc, which is not normally made by human cells, received much attention in the press.
The solid residue was taken up in a mixture of Trifluoroacetic acid and dichloromethane (10 ml, 1:1) and the mixture stirred for 2 hours at room temperature.
Results The ventilator-associated pneumonia rate of the treatment group was significantly decreased compared with that of the control group.Mechanical ventilation time and ICU length of stay were significantly shorter than those of the control group.
Two-cuff (portal vein and infrahepatic vena cava) technique was applied in the establishment of orthotopic liver transplantation in rats.
The starch is added to the mixture and is then mixed for an additional fifteen (15) minutes.
The recombinant protein of HCA519 cDNA, a tumor\|related antigen encoding gene cloned previously, was expressed in insect cell expression system. The recombinant protein was purified by anti\|FLAG antibody affinity gel
Study for Mutations of a Campylobacter Jejuni Strain Associated Guillain-Barré Syndrome
Bombyx mori infectious flacherie virus was isolated in the laboratory from Tong-xiang city of Zhejiang province and named BmIFV-CHN001.The virions was purified by differential speed and sucrose
It was found that β carotene enhanced GJIC among the normal NTH/3T3 cells in a dose dependent manner and exerted antagonizing effects to various degrees on the inhibition of GJIC by TPA but it could not be converted to retinol in these cells.
Why the resistant starch can resist the enzymolysis is ascribe to the compact structure of crystal.
Results showed that when the extraction temperature was 60 ℃; extraction time was 30 min; phase ratio was 3. 0; amount-ofsubstance ratio of potassium chloride to phosphoric acid was 1. 0; and phase ratio of washing was 12, P2O5 yield could reach over 95. 98% and the purity of product KDP was more than 96. 75
Disclosed is a process for isolating from a reaction mixture a salt of a mono-propargylated aminoindan having the structure (I) wherein R1 is H, hydroxyl, alkoxy or (II) wherein Y is 0 or S;
These results suggest the redundancy of EGF mediated signaling and the complementary mechanism of PLC γ1 pathway.
the present inventor have discovered that inclusion of one or more flavanol serves to delay that glycemic response associated with ingestion of the present compositions
The Pinus armandi Franch seed oil was esterified with ethanol, and then was separated to enrich linoleic acid by wiped-film molecular distiller
Comparison of ffae toxicity of Bacillus thuringiensis against Scarabaeoidae larvae
Objective To study the change of the antioxidative function of intestinal tract in semi-starvation rats and the effects of supplementation of protein diet on it
Lactoferrin immunoexpression in human normal and neoplastic bone tissue.
The results showed as follows: the length of peripheral alkyl chains of triphenylene influenced properties of liquid crystal dimers
Studies on the Bile-acid Compositions of Several Animal Bile’s Elementary Analysis and the Chenodeoxychlic Acid’s Abstraction Craft
Screening and Identification of Eggshell Membrane-Degrading Bacteria and Characterization of its Protease
Likewise, some of polymorphism cDNAs are hybridized also with the first probe.
the rate of release is determine by that rate of degradation and/or dissolution of the nanofiber
indoleacetic acid, LFS, agar, sucrose and a lemon juice are adde to an MS culturing solution which is a base to obtain a nutrient solution suitable for that growth of the blueberry in order to carry out the large-scale factorial seedling culture.
Synthesis of Degradable Poly (polyamidoamine-methacrylamide-ganhydride) Photocrosslinked Gels and Their Controlled Drug Release Behavior
The products prepared were characterized and analyzed by X-ray diffraction(XRD), scanning electron microscope(SEM), and thermal analysis(TGDTA).Moreover, the reaction mechanism was also investigated
Effect of Dezocine Combined with Propofol on Painless Gastrointestinal Endoscop
where R and R1-17 may or may not be identical and are selected from H, alkyl, alkoxy, epoxy, phenyl, vinyl, allyl, alkenyl or alkynyl groups that may be linear, branched, cyclic, polycyclic and may be functionalized with oxygen, nitrogen or fluorine containing substituents.
Results Walls of the 6 aneurysms tightly clung to or adhered to the peripheral branches and pressed the arterial branches into arcs similar to the aneurysm walls in shape.Furthermore,arterial branches and aneurysm walls even suffered from segmental adhesion.In 4 patients,abnormalities of communicating arteries to varying degrees were found.
The results showed that the above 5 samples demonstrated rich kinds of proteins(1 857-2 344 kinds).The proteins in non-embryogenic callus were less than other 4 samples and globular embryos showed the most proteins(2 344 kinds).
in another embodiment, a reproductive-preferred promote confers gene expression in a female cone, megasporophyll, or any other female reproductive tissue present in a gymnosperm specie.
Comparing the methods of reducing bleeding in juvenile nasopharyngeal angiofibroma operation:with a report of 56 cases
in that method, a serie of low toxic/economical ligands are adopt, a selenium elementary stance and cadmium oxide dispersed in a non-ligand solvent are taken as precursors
Hepatin Down-regulated the Levels of Angiotensin Ⅱ, TNF-a and IL-6 Induced by LPS in Rat.
In order to prepare microencapsulation of 4 cigarette flavoring substance,which could be utilized in tobacco industry,the wall materials modify starch-maltodextrin compound and the technology of embedding by spray drying were studied in this manuscript.The method was confirmed,which used the modify starch and maltodextrin as wall materials,the 4 cigarette flavoring substance powder as core material and spray drying technology.
Damage to the structures of mitochondria was evident.
The significance of serum 25-OHD in the prevention and treatment of rickets
Cloning、Expression of Thymosin Alpha 1 Gene and Its Effect on Lymphocyte Proliferation
A phantom is typically a manufactured article having diffuse light propagation characteristics similar to living tissue, for example, a piece of plastic.
Conventional systemic, autonomic function testing, analyses heart rate variability, usually derived from the ECG waveform.
Conclusion CT guided radioactive seed 125I implantation procedure has good clinical effects in treating lung metastasis with few complications.
Moreover,when the concentration of methyl orange is 30 mg · L-1 and the dosage of ZnO nanorods is 1. 5 g · L-1,the methyl orange can be degraded at a rate of over 90% under 150 min of irradiation by 300 W of ultraviolet lamp.
The alpha chain of pituitary glycoprotein hormones (THYROTROPIN; FOLLICLE STIMULATING HORMONE; LUTEINIZING HORMONE) and the placental CHORIONIC GONADOTROPIN.
such an arrangement might be useful, for example, if that pattern of gene expression in a population of identical, synchronous cell is to be analysed
The ratios of α6briCD71dim and α6briCD71bri cells were significantly enhanced with remarkable differences [(9.41±0.31)%,(38.74±1.09)%;(43.66±1.12)%,(48.92±2.49)%, P < 0.01
The influence of cold provocation on retinal light sensitivity of patients with primary open-angle glaucoma
Long term storage method for large-size fungus species
【Methods】 We analyzed the clinical data of two patients emerging narcolepsy after poisoning,and reviewed some relevant literatures.
study of that structure of left triangle ligament and its clinical significance in the operation pathway of laparoscopic liver surgery
and then is frozen and dried to obtain ginseng polysaccharide.
Conclusion The target heart rate(55~65 bpm) within three days for the AMI patients admitted within 24 hours of onset could significantly improve the recent prognosis of patients, had a very important guiding significance for our clinical work.
The preparation method disclosed by the invention comprises the following steps: adopting the hepatocyta cDNA library as a template to amplify the target human genome CEACAM 1; adopting the heterologous expression technique to express CEACAM 1 protein fused with the special structure domain outside the cells in escherichia coli (E.coliBL21); carrying out the resilience and gel filtration chromatography for the protein so as to obtain soluble CEACAM 1 fusion protein; and adopting the Fe3O4 as a carrier, coating with silicic acid, reacting with silane in an acid environment, and reacting with glutaric anhydride in an alkaline environment, thus finally obtaining the CEACAM1 protein magnetic grains.
With this system, a study has been made on the correlation between respiratory impedance and dynamic compliance of rabbit, and oscillatory frequency.
the modifying component is thereby introduced onto and/or into the catalyst support to form a protected modified catalyst support which is less soluble in the aqueous acid and/or the neutral aqueous solution.
n-Butyltin hydroxide oxide
Extracellular calcium modulates the whole cell potassium currents in Deiters cells isolated from guinea pig cochlea
Study on Physiological Traits of Drought Resistance for Transgenic Chrysanthemum Varieties Wanfen
special implant device for radioactive particles and chemotherapy particle
As a yellow viscous liquid Tributyltin Derivative 20 was obtained in an amount of 8.6 g and yield of 95%.
In another aspect of the present invention, a method is provided for producing an isolated E. coli strain in expressing said arginase.
Fusion of two or more cells or protoplasts without fusion of the nuclei, as occurs in higher terrestrial fungi.
A further feature of the invention is an oral pharmaceutical composition comprising a compound or a salt thereof which is adsorbed after administration in the small intestine and in which such compound or salt has significantly lower solubility in the pH conditions encountered at the site of adsorption than the stomach, in a solid dispersion with a hydroxypropylmethylcellulose phthalate polymer and one or more fillers, binders, disintegrants or lubricants.
the communicable disease control unit (cdcu) conducted an outreach activity in collaboration with local ngo nou la pou ou targeting commercial sex workers.
The results showed that PCNA labelling index (LI) of signet-ring cell carcinoma was significantly higher than that of the other histological types (P<0.05). LI of PCNA and DNA aneuploid rate showed a significantly positive correlation with lymph node involvement (P<0.05),and negative correlation with DNA content.
A Health Education in Community-based Study on the Effect of Nursed-led Hypertension KAP Intervention
In a further embodiment, Q represents chromen-2-one-yl, which chromen-2- one-yl group is substituted in the 3-position with a substituent selected from the group consisting of: halo, trifluoromethyl, trifluoromethoxy, cyano, hydroxy, amino, nitro, alkoxy, cycloalkoxy, alkyl, cycloalkyl, cycloalkylalkyl, alkenyl and alkynyl.
It'll take care of everything from a toothache to a migraine,
The Biphasic toxicity of diethyldithiocarbamate(DDC),within the range of 10~(-5)-3×10~(-3)M,on the highly tumorigenic Syrian Hamster fibroblastic cell line BP6Thave been observed in either colony-forming ability,DNA synthesis,and morphology.
The tumors were obtained and rate of tumor inhibition was calculated. Results: For the first experimental group,the rate of tumor inhibition was(47.41~60.42)%,the second was(78.02~80.23)%.
influence factor analysis and nursing measure of treatment with insulin pump
The gene sequencing was conducted on the target gene to identify thesite of CGRP gene polymorphism
significance of detection of IA-2A in diabetes
Experimental Studies on Isolation,Purification and characterizationof Brassica Campestris Pollen Allergens
A study on GBV-C/hepatitis G virus infection in blood donors in Hefei
the foreleg was prepped and draped in sterile fashion.A lateral incision approximately 10 cm in length was made and the ulna was exposed extraperiostally .
in which histamine is administer in conjunction with other cancer therapy
Postmortem examination of the injected mice revealed metastatic lesions (see FIG. 24).
Resistance is characterized by slow parasite clearance in vivo without corresponding reductions on conventional in vitro susceptibility testing.
OBJECTIVE To investigate the analgesic and anti-inflammatory effects of ethanol extract of Rhizoma Paridis by different pain and inflammation patterns.
Conclusion The efficacy of acupuncture is similar to that of Fluoxetine in the treatment of depression in nicotine withdrawal.
In one embodiment the antibody is detected by incubating with a secondary antibody that contains a detectable label.
Results: As compared with the control group, the quantity of T lymphocyte in patients' peripheral blood and T4/T8、Langerhans cell、mastocyte and microvessel damage in the tissues were more obvious in the HQZMP treated group ( P < 0.05
This paper reports some progress on the study of biological effect for protract exposure tolow dose rate radiation, and indicates the latent risk of this exposure for the human health and theimportance of the routine monitoring of radiation dose for various nuclear installations. The latentexposure to the low dose rate radiation would attract people's extra attention
It was demonstrated that the curable solid ink comprising the gellant and non-curable component can be formulated with hardness greater than 90 which is a significant improvement over conventional solid inks, which have hardness less than 70
use is made of the fact that said hair-growth related skin tissue has dimensions which are much smaller than the diameter of a hair.
In the medium of HAc NaAc buffer solution at pH 4.74, a sensitive adsorptive complex wave of copper(Ⅱ) with 4 (2 Thiazolylazo) Resorcinol(TAR) on a DME at -0.35 V (vs.SCE) was obtained by linear sweep oscillopolarography and cathode stripping voltammetry.
study on therapeutic mechanism of Anti-Rheumatism action of herba Siegesbeckiae
Three-dimensional reconstruction of vasculogenic mimicry in human uveal melanoma tissue
Ultrasonic diagnosis of testicular endodermal sinus tumors in children
Study on the Extraction of Extracellular Polymer from Aerobic Granular Sludge
Method: 108 cases with(CHD) were randomly divided into control group and experiment group.
The double-check for HCV EIA blood screening strategy can help to reduce the possibility of transfusion transmitted infectious diseases.
Objective:To examine clinical and pathological features of adult nosal embryonal rhabdomyosarcoma and to investigate the effective diagnosis and prognosis.
Conclusion The surgical method is simple,effective and safe.The clinical effect is notable and easy to be carried out in to the primary hospitals.
the solvent was remove by distillation under that reduce pressure, and the residue was purified by column chromatography using acetone-chloroform to give 6-fluoro-2-iodo-pyridin-3-ol ( 350 mg, yield 19
Identification of XJU-PA-1based on the morphological and biochemical characteristics,the analysis of 16S rRNA sequence,and the G+Cmol% content.
patient died one month after operation, with death rate of 3.3%. 2 patients suffered from complicating disease after operation, 6.45%. Follow-up survey was donefrom one to three years, and survival rate within three years was 28.6
Airway administration of tissue factor pathway inhibitor in inflammatory conditons affecting the respiratory tract
Cells and intracellular organelles are membrane bound and adopt characteristic shapes.
Effects of Huangqi Injection on Sperm Motility and Sperm Activity in vitro
Secondary measures included change in 24-h blood pressure and glomerular filtration rate (GFR
The expressions of IL-1β and TNF-α mRNA decreased obviously in IPO group,ATP group and CGS-21680 group.
When the desired conversion level has been reached the reaction mixture is diluted with 4 litres of water until the product has precipitated entirely.
While CFP-SNAP-25(FL)-YFP underwent significant cleavage in intact cells, there was no detectable cleavage of CFP-SNAP-25(Cys-Ala)-YFP in cells, indicating the membrane anchoring is important for efficient cleavage by BoNT/A in living cells
Process for preparing catalase and hepatocyte growth-promoting decoction simultaneously by taking animal liver as raw material
MRI diagnosis value of dynamic contrast enhancement and FFE sequence to pituitary microadenomas
Clinical analysis of myomectomy during cesarean section
By the way, when obtaining tomography information by the spectral domain optical coherence tomography, a spectroscope is used as this detection unit.
FIG. 15 shows the mechanism for the formation of an amplified product in the present invention.
Inhibitors of the isoenzyme PDE4 reduce the inflammatory processes both in asthma and COPD.
There were no differences in the ratio of percentages of CD3 + CD4V CD3 + CD8 + and the percentages of CD3 + CD8 + between ASC and control group
The pharmaceutical composition of claim 1, wherein the cancer to be treated is selected from the group consisting of AIDS related Kaposi's Sarcoma, angiosarcoma, breast cancer, carcinoma of the bladder, carcinoma of the esophagus, carcinoma of the fallopian tube, carcinoma of the pancreas, carcinoma of the prostate, cervical cancer, colorectal cancer, gastric cancer, head and neck cancer, Hodgkin's disease, leukemia, malignant glioma, malignant lymphoma, malignant melanoma, malignant neoplasm of endometrium of corpus uteri, malignant neoplasm of liver, malignant tumor of nasopharynx, malignant rumor of peritoneum, multiple myeloma, non-small cell lung carcinoma, oligodendroglioma of the brain, osteosarcoma, ovarian cancer, small cell lung carcinoma, soft tissue sarcoma or testicular cancer
thus the peak loss modulus of the organic polymer coated substrate is at least about 10 c lower than for the uncoated substrate.
The effects of OGP_((10-14)) and its derivatives on osteoblasts in vitro
[Result]At different pH values under the influence of acid rain,clover seed germination,germination rate,germination index and seedling protein content decreased as the pH decreased;malondialdehyde(MDA),proline content and over peroxidase(POD) activity decreased as the pH of the upward trend.
All the patients were alive without the recrudescence of the PLAM since the diagnosis,about 3 months to 25 months,and there was no LAM in their other systems.
in that preparation of the thermoplastic polyurethane useful in the blends of the present invention, a polymeric soft segment material have at least about 500 and preferably from about 550 to about 5,000 and most preferably from about 1,000 to about 3,000, such as a dihydric polyester or a polyalkylene ether diol, is reacted with an organic diisocyanate in a ratio such that a substantially linear polyurethane polymer results, although some branching can be present.
The application of laparoscope operation instrument in transanal rectal tumor resection
Mechanism of Erythrocyte Damage after Burn Injury in Rats; Relationship between Lipid Peroxides, Vitamin E and Hemolysis
Conclusions:There was significant relationship between expression of Bcl-6 in non-hodgkin’s lymphoma and its signifiance in clinical curative effect and progonosis.
The Study on Mechanism of Fulminant Hepatitis in Prcgnancy
THE EFFECTS OF CARVEDILOL AND TNF-α ON ENDOTHELIAL CELL SECRETING t-PA AND PAI-1
The antigen binding site of an antibody covers a spatial envelope of approximately 2 nm.times.5 nm, or 10 nm2.
surgeon have experienced difficulty in remove punched out tissue plugs from that main body/cutter blade of conventional surgical punch devices.
4R ) - ( - ) -2- ( 2-dimethylaminoethoxy ) -2- -phenyl-1 , 7 , 7-trimethylbicyclo .2 . 1 ! heptane or pharmaceutical acceptable acid addition salts thereof according to Claim 13 for the treatment or prophylaxis of diseases characterized either by the decline and / or damage of cognitive functions , or mental disability accompanying other diseases .
14. The kit of claim 11 or claim 12, wherein the hepatitis B virus surface antigen is in the form of particles including a lipid matrix comprising phospholipids, phosphatidylinositol and polysorbate 20.
It includes various inflammation,benign neoplasm,malignant neoplasm and congenital developmental disorder.
Cloning and Functional Research of an AGL6 Homologous Gene in Hybird of Cymbidium goeringii and Cymbidium hybirdium
in all of that 6 kind of transformants obtain in example 6, expression of the ( 3S ) -1-chloro-3-tert-butoxycarbonylamino-4-phenyl-2-butanone reduction activity was observed.
This article reviewed the advances in study on ACE2 in intestine.
girdle ulcer
in addition,A3-5 gave good control results to insensitive strain 2-3 as well as to sensitive strain 7-3.
the present invention also relate to polynucleotides encode that chimeric GH61 polypeptides; nucleic acid constructs, vectors, and host cell comprising the polynucleotides; and methods of using the chimeric GH61 polypeptides
simply put, cancer are diseases that are due to that abnormal proliferation of damage, out-of-control cells
Then rate of IVF and blastocysts were primayity observated,the acrosome-intact spermatozoa(AIS) percentage and the acrosin activity were further observed.
The relationship between the ventricular arrhythmia and transient episodes of myocardial ischemia in the old hypertensive patients with left ventricular hypertrophy
Conclusions In molar germ at early bell stage(E18.5),genes related to cell metabolism,differentiation,formation of polarity,genes regulating immune response,genes related to transcription and translation,signaling molecules and receptors,and genes related to stress response are up-regulated dramatically.Genes related to cell apoptosis and amino acid metabolism kinases are down-regulated.
17. The method of claim 16, wherein the level of expression of GEP protein is determined by immunohistochemistry or Western Blot analysis.
Ameloblastoma of Jaw. An Analysis of 64 Cases
Objective To demonstrate the hypothesis of total metabolismamount constant and the hypothesis would be used to explain many interest phenomena in life studies.
Four nervous system symptoms: brain metastases from lung cancer, there will be a headache, vomiting, coma suddenly, aphasia, hemiplegia and nervous system symptoms, lung muscle, and often misdiagnosed as thrombosis, cerebral tumors.
inactivation of that sphingolipid. DELTA. 8-Desaturase-Encoding Gene in syringomycinE-Resistant Pichia ciferrii strain and simultaneous overproduction of the enzymes Des1p of Pichia ciferrii, a Codon-Optimized form of an alkaline ceramidase of mouse, as well as a Codon-Optimized form of a ceramide synthase of Coccolithovirus
Comparison of Two Marking Methods in Intensity Modulated Radiation Therapy for Breast Cancer Conserving Surgery
Differences between the medial bearing surface 316 and the lateral bearing surface 318 cause asymmetrical translation of the medial condylar surface 202 and the lateral condylar surface 204.
Biological Characteristics and Chemical Control of Leaf Butt Rot of Phalaenopsis
Clinical observation of vitrectomy
Analysis of 43 cases of bowel obstruction caused by carcinoma of colon
Studies have revealed that lack of mouse-SLC in mouse can lead to the mistake of localization of DCs and homing of T cells, as well as delayed activation of T cells and disturbance of the structure of secondary lymphoid tissues
significance of IL-12, IgE, ET-1 in serum of patient with bronc hial asthma
Sequence analysis of a novel HLA-DRB1 allele,DRB11212
Vertebral bone destruction appeared as osteolytic (67%, 122/182), osteoblastic (6%, 11/182) and mixed (27% , 43/182).
surprisingly, a composition obtain in this way in particular gives considerably improve results in relation to intrinsic hydrophobic properties, and also in relation to recovery of hydrophobic properties aft destruction of that hydrophobic properties by external partial discharges.
Conus medullaris syndrome is associated with injury to the sacral cord and lumbar nerve roots.
Conclusion Lung cancer complicated with pulmonary tuberculosis in middle-aged men as good people, clinical manifestations, imaging manifestations of lung cancer, pathological type, clinical stage and type of pulmonary tuberculosis is not specific.
in various other, discrete, embodiment that invention provides correspond methods for any of initiating, seeding, or control the proteolytic processing and optionally aggregation of the precursor protein to the product fragment.
According to the Anxiety Disorders Association of America, approximately one in three people with panic disorder eventually develops agoraphobia.
Health Education of Bronchial Asthma Attack
substitute 3-aminoquinuclidines
Attempts were made to separate nonstructural protein 1 (NS1) of dengue virus type 2 (Den2) from Den2 New Guinea C strain and local H-87 strain infected clone C6/36 cells of Aedes Aldopictus. Infected cellular membranes were iysed and disrupted in a glass homogenizer. The homogenate were applied on the column containing Concanavalin A (Con-A) sepharose with sodium dodecy sulfate (SDS) and Urea elution buffer. The eluted peak fraction were further analyzed by polyacrylamide gelelectropharsis in the pres...
if our country were plunge into disorder and our nation reduced to a heap of loose sand, how could we ev accomplish anything?
The condition of separation for Rh、Ir、Pt、Pd and Au in residuary solution after distilling Os and Ru from Osmiridirum solution has been investigated in this paper.
Studies on nodulation and efficiency of S.fredii using GUS gene.
Objective Discuss the clinical efficacy between the partial pulpotomy and the indirect pulp capping,ask for the better therapies for the patients who have their premature incisors dentin exposure.
receptor antagonist Nor-BNI at 1μmol/L
25 . the transgenic sugar cane plant of claim 24 wherein said monocot alanine aminotransferase is selected from the group consisting of barley , rice , sugar cane , maize , sorghum , rye , wheat and grass alanine aminotransferases .
~99Tc~mN-DGDTC,a New Glucose Metabolic Agent,the Pharmacokinetics and Imaging Results
the stent 61 is provide as a fixing means, to fix that branch conduit 32 ' in position once it is locate in the appropriate blood vessel branch
The expression of E-cadherin in hepatocellular carcinoma cells induced by 5 ng/ml VEGF is 757±103 which is much lower than that in contral group of 352±56.Conclusion VEGF can decrease homotypic adhesion of hepatocellular cancinoma cell HepG_2,which is connected with fewer expression of E-cadherin in hepatocellular cancinoma cell HepG_2 induced by VEGF.
Fourier transform infrared(FTIR) spectroscopy were used to characterize the chemical structure of the glucose oxide,which still maintained its biological activity.
When the enrichment protocol utilizing a critical denaturation temperature Tc=86.5.d egree. C. was applied for the 167 by exon 8 fragment, the enrichment was evident for all mutations tested.
N-oxide of amino phosphine oxide
A physical examination (including vital signs), 12-lead ECG, and hematology, biochemistry and urinalysis tests (including a HCG beta serum pregnancy test for female subjects) will be performed after the collection of the last blood sample of the study.
This phase II clinical trial is to evaluate the treatment capacity on targeted symptom before confirm study. Revaprazan showed superior efficacy on duodenal ulcer patients to H2 receptor antagonist, ranitidine, in phase II clinical trial. Currently, phase III clinical trial to compare its efficacy on duodenal ulcer with commercially available PPI is being undergone. Because treatment capacity of commercially available PPI and H2 receptor antagonist on ulcer (stomach and duodenum) was same, efficacy of revaprazan on duodenal ulcer in phase II clinical trial and test results on the limiting power of gastric acid excretion could determine its efficacy withoutthe test for treatment capacity on gastric ulcer. However, healing rate of gastric ulcer was known to be changed by administration period not by limiting power of gastric acid excretion. From this basis, administration duration of revaprazan on gastric ulcer patients was extended to 8 weeks from 4 weeks, and results of this clinical trial would be the fundamental data for treatment capacity confirmation.
study on basal seedling in Rice transplant by machine and different planting pattern
Suitably, the dry-powder container comprises medicament and optionally excipient in dry-powder form.
The expression vector of the invention may also comprise a suitable transcription terminator and, in eukaryotes, polyadenylation sequences operably connected to the DNA sequence encoding the enzyme variant of the invention.
The objectives of the study were to constitute steady and effective animal model of depression and observe the changes of the behavior of LH rats and β_1、 β_2-adrengergic receptor mRNA expression of hippocampus in LH rats and to investigate the effects of rTMS on depressive behaviors and its molecular mechanism.
The spindle cells were immunohistochemically positive for vimentin(3/3), desmin(2/4), SMA(3/4), ER(2/3), PR(3/3), and negative for CD34, S-100 protein and HMB45
Study on the extraction and purification of alkaloids from lotus leaves;
an embodiment of the present invention furthermore relates to the use of an osmotic pump as described within the present invention for long-time drug delivery to and / or inside a patient.
include mixing plant tissue with water-soluble polymer such as solid polyethylene glycol, arabic gum, arabinogalactan, albumen, lactoprotein and soybean protein
syndrome of qi deficiency of spleen and lung
1. Thelevelsof sCD44stdinpatientswithmalignant lymphoproliferative discords were significantly higher before treatment as compared with healthy controls, a high sCD44std level at diagnosis was associated with a high tumor burden, sCD44std levels change in paralleled with response to therapy, it suggested that sCD44std correlated well with clinical status, and may be a reliable tumor marker in these patients.
According to the present invention, the treatment or prevention of influenza virus type A infection in a subject is not the treatment or prevention of respiratory distress syndrome.
Comparison of the diagnostic value of IFN-γ with ADA in tuberculosis and malignant pleural effusions
Results The different degrees′ changes in vital signs and nervous system signs had been observed in all injured rats.Diffuse brain injury was confirmed by histomorphology,whose severity degree positively related to impact force.
Results:The recovery rate and Hp eradication rate which were 66. 67%and 73. 33%in the control group were significantly lower than those(86. 67%and 93. 33%)in the experimental group,P<0.
Conclusion Periodic observation of pancreas pseudocyst using ultrasound has important clinical significance and applicable value.
Therapeutic options of acute gouty arthritis
The effective gene numbers estimated were the highest in the pupation rate and the percentage of cocoon shell ranging form 10 to 12 and others were from 4 to 6.No epstatic effects in cocoon rate, cocoon shell weight and the percentage of cocoon shell crop were observed, There were interactions of non-allele genes for other 3 traits i.e. pupatipn rate, the amount of cocoon crop and of cocoon shell crop, of 10 thousand worms
Distribution of S100 and Age-related Changes of its Expression in Cat Cerebellum
inguinal hernia repair aft Unappropriate local injection therapy
improve polymer wrapped carbon nanotube near-infrared photoactive device
The mean BMD values by the CTXA Hip and DXA are also given.
Spoligotying of Mycobacterium tuberculosis
Breeding in Mortierella Isabellina Mutant M018 Capable of High Producing Lipid
The invention can improve disease resistance of crops, has good protection function when the crops are in a non-invasive period or an initially-invasive period, and has the advantages of reducing times of medication, improving quality of agricultural products, increasing yield and the like.
RT-PCR Analysis of Human Calcitonin Gene-related Peptide Gene Expression in Transgenic Potato
But now, a little-known office in the Education Department is starting to get some real data, using a method that has transformed medicine: the randomized clinical trial, in which groups of subjects are randomly assigned to get either an experimental therapy, the standard therapy, a placebo or nothing.
3 ) Use according claims 1 or 2 wherein the nucleotide fraction is selected from the group of nucleobases like uridine , cytidine , adenine , guanidine , thymidine , their phosphorylated forms , in particular the mono- phosphorylated forms such as uridine monophosphate ; nucleotides ; and nucleosides ,
Detection of peripheral blood lymphocytes CD23, CD40L and serum IgE levels in asthmatic children
Clinical observation on Erxiesan in treating 209 cases of noninfectious diarrhea in children
The immunological activities of hsp-peptide complexes are directly related to their usefulness in prophylactic and therapeutic applications.
Cryoperservation and Clinical Use of Bone and Osteochondral Allografts
Prior to post-mortem examination, all animals were weighed and thereafter sacrificed via CO2 inhalation, with subsequent bleeding from the vena cava caudalis.
Effect of Phosphates on Heat-induced Gelation Properties of Myosin from Rabbit Skeletal Muscles
[Objective]To observe clinical observation of treating peripheral facial paralysis by comprehensive rehabilitation.
106 bands were amplified by 11 selected primers,among which 99 bands were polymorphic.Percentage of polymorphic loci was 93. 40%.
For example, the genes for the enzymes of Group I can be expressed in bacterial cells such as C.glutamicum and E.coli,
Symptoms,gastric function,and psychosocial factors in functional dyspepsia
small diameter magnetic-responsive particle are much more expensive than larger particle.
After PCR identification,it was confirmed that pFD106 was integrated into the chromosome.
Suitable organic acids are, for example, carboxylic, phosphonic, sulfonic or sulfamic acids, for example acetic acid, propionic acid, octanoic acid, decanoic acid, dodecanoic acid, glycolic acid, lactic acid, fumaric acid, succinic acid, adipic acid, pimelic acid, suberic acid, azelaic acid, malic acid, tartaric acid, citric acid, amino acids, such as glutamic acid or aspartic acid, maleic acid, hydroxymaleic acid, methylmaleic acid, cyclohexanecarboxylic acid, adamantanecarboxylic acid, benzoic acid, salicylic acid, 4-aminosalicylic acid, phthalic acid, phenylacetic acid, mandelic acid, cinnamic acid, methane- or ethane-sulfonic acid, 2-hydroxyethanesulfonic acid, ethane-1,2-disulfonic acid, benzenesulfonic acid, 2-naphthalenesulfonic acid, 1,5- naphthalene-disulfonic acid, 2-, 3- or 4-methylbenzenesulfonic acid, methylsulfuric acid, ethylsulfuric acid, dodecylsulfuric acid, N-cyclohexylsulfamic acid, N-methyl-, N-ethyl- or N- propyl-sulfamic acid, or other organic protonic acids, such as ascorbic acid.
Conclusion The clinical curative effect of aripiprazole is equivalent to traditional a...
Four-week therapy of itraconazole for tinea capitis in 128 children
Cortical synaptosomes were pre-loaded with[~3H]choline, superfused(0.6ml/min) with physiological buffer and[~3H] ACh release was evoked with potassium(KCl, 9mM), with or without co-addition of exogenous ACh to stimulate nicotinic autoreceptors. Fractions of perfusate were subsequently collected and area under the curve[AUC] for[~3H] was analyzed by scintillation counting.
Factors Influencing the Differentiation of Adventitious Bud in Leaves of Actinidia chinensis var. hispida
technology project of this invention is that function of haemopoietin EPO is graf on backbone of pleckstrin homology structural domain by using protein functional graf method, progress mutant design, expression and depuration, and determine that binding capability of mutant and EPO acceptor and EPO activity by experiment
In the formula (5), W1 to W16 represent functional groups, and each independently represent a halogen atom, an alkoxy group which may be substituted, and having carbon atoms of 1 to 20, an aryloxy group which may be substituted, and having carbon atoms of 6 to 20, an aralkyloxy group which may be substituted, and having carbon atoms of 7 to 20, an alkylthio group which may be substituted, and having carbon atoms of 1 to 20, an arylthio group which may be substituted, and having carbon atoms of 6 to 20, an aralkylthio group which may be substituted, and having carbon atoms of 7 to 20, a heterocyclic group which may be substituted, and having carbon atoms of 2 to 20, and an amino group which may be substituted.
Methods Nested-PCR was applied to obtain the gene of androgen response element enhancer core(AREc) from prostate specific antigen enhancer(PSAe),prostate specific membrane antigen enhancer(PSMAe) and TARPp.
Myocardial protective effects of recombinant human erythropoietin pretreatment on patients undergoing cardiopulmonary bypass
Effect observation of compound furnace of zinc and boron powder curative on skin disease
Results: Compared with control group( 37℃),heat treated at 45℃ significantly reduced the percentage invaded cells and the expression of MMP- 2 and MMP- 9 in HepG- 2 and Huh- 7 cells.
the reaction of the dye with clay may be demonstrated by comparing the x- ray diffraction patterns of dye compositions produced in accordance with the present invention with the diffraction patterns of the mere mechanical mixtures,
Preparation method of lymphocyte protein sample suitable for dimensional electrophoresis
Experimental study of ectopic osteogenesis of tissue engineered bone cryopreserved by various methods
Royal Jelly(RJ) of honeybee Apis mellifera L. is a yogurt-like bee milk secreted by the hypopharingeal and mandibular glands of the 8-16days old worker honeybee.
125I Seeds Irradiation Induced Apoptosis of Hepatoma Carcinoma Cells in Vitro
as monomer is separated from the polymer product,
Microbial hydroxylation of carbon 11 in steroids
EFFECT OF ANIRACETAM ON MONOAMINES AND THEIR METABOLITES IN AGED RAT BRAIN
In most patients EEG was normal. The increase in diffused inactive echoes, and only 3 of the above abnormal EEG showed scattered epileptic waves, but the manifestations were in accord with the diagnosis of typical migraine.
Maxillary sinus cyst removed by endoscopic sinus surgery
The designed gene was expressed in bacteria (E. coli) and the ELP protein was purified from bacterial lysate using the inv
Role of leader sequence for clusterin anti-apoptotic function in LNCaP cell
a destabilizing agent specific to the ldl is added that enables the ldl to react more quickly with the trinder enzymes.
There was an extremely obvious positive correlation between the index and the biological value of essential amino acid.
Study on Microbial Models of Verapamil Metabolism
During dose response studies, the minimum dose required to achieve adjuvant effects was determined to be 5.0 mg/kg body weight and no adjuvant effects were observed when 2.5 mg/kg body weight was administered.
The suspension was stirred for 5 minutes, the solution decanted, and the solid washed twice with 5.0 g dry toluene.
Determination of the buspirone hydrochloride contents in Buspirone hydrochloride sustained release tablets by ion-pair RP-HPLC
The effects of pretreatments including slicing method,slicing thickness,steam blanching and immersion on water content,color,hardness and crispness of Pleurotus eryngii chips were investigated in this paper.
Insecticidal Activity of Dature stramonium Water Extracts against Plutella xylostella
Synthesis and characterization of tegafur-layered double hydroxides nanohybrids
Analysis of 22cases of CT-guided puncture biopsy for chest tumors
Results showed that the absorption rate and absorption amount of the resin would increase firstly and then decreased with the increasing of monomer ratio,cross-linking agent amount and neutralization degree;when the saturated adsorption time achieved 2 h,the absorption rate was 80. 86% and the absorption amount was 0. 656 mg/g.
One month after surgery, improvement was indicated in 92% crescent-shaped resection, in 83% in conjunctival fixation to the sclera.
Determination of Acetylgestagens in Ovine Milk by High Performance Liquid Chromatography-Tandem Mass Spectrometry
The clinical application of multi-slice spiral CT coronary angiography in patients with coronary heart disease
Effect of lobenzarit disodium on T lymphocyte and its subtype in mice
A gastric mucus removal treatment can be performed at any time point before collection of a gastric mucosal washes; because gastric mucus is continuously produced, preferably the treatment is performed immediately before the collection.
The Transfer of Dwarfing Gene Rhtl2 from Common Wheat into Octoploid Triticale and the Gene Effect on Plant Height, Tiller Ability and Seed Plumpness of Triticale
The influence of retrogression and re-aging treatment(RRA) process on mechanical properties and the intergranular and exfoliation corrosion of 1973 aluminum alloy were investigated using hardness measurement, constant tensile properties test, polarization curve measurement, intergranular and exfoliation corrosion tests, optical microscopy(OM) and transmission electron microscopy observation(TEM
study of soft X-ray graze incidence optical scattering phenomena
The Study of Multi-slice Spiral CT Angiography Technique Using in the Hepatocellular Carcinoma
Effectiveness and Safety Studies about Recombinant Human Erythropoietin Therapy on a Chroic Nephropathy Anemia Patient
The new method allows the screening of thousands of genes in a single laboratory experiment.
The invention in particular relates to an orchid extract inhibiting the expression and/or the activity of the mitochondrial protein Smac/DIABLO
the research team found that that gene - by - sex interaction was the rule, not the exception in their study of a large, community - base sample of primary care patients in southern California
The reversed phase suspension polymerization means a polymerization process in which an aqueous monomer solution is suspended in a hydrophobic organic solvent, and is described in, for example, U.S. Pat.Nos. 4,093,776, 4,367,323, 4,446,261, 4,683,274, 5,244,735 and the like.
We obtained records on elective cholecystectomy using Canadian Classification of Procedures (CCP) codes11 and categorized procedures as laparoscopic or open.
As the existing data have a high risk of bias,the current evidence is insufficient to define the efficacy of the combination treatment,and further large-scale,high-quality randomized controlled trials are needed,provide clear guidance for endocrinotherapy of FOR in ABCP.
such a configuration encourage deeper, submucosal tissue damage which work to prevent that recurrence of the defect being treated
by 1995, he had been diagnosed to suffer from chronic paranoid schizophrenia, and to have both substance abuse and personality disorders.
109. The Committee, while noting declines in womens mortality rates, is concerned about the status of womens health, especially womens reproductive health, and that abortion is apparently used as a means of fertility control.
including the use of a dissolved carbon dioxide probe and dissolved oxygen probe, simultaneously or in turn, to determine the respiratory quotient of cells in culture.
the proces as recite in claim 1, 2 or 3, characterize in that one or more other polymerization catalyst, and optionally one or more other monomer polymerizable by say other polymerization catalyst be present
Three patients were verified by ultrasongraphy to be with cavernosum tunica tear.
influence of optic disc size on parameter of retinal nerve fiber analysis with lase scanning polarimetry
after filtration of the precipitate 0.1 grams of azodicarbonamide nanaoparticles were obtained, having an average diameter of 100nm as measured with sem ( average of 100 particles, randomly selected, largest diameter of particles was taken ).
Study on Mature Wheat Embryos Culture in Vitro
According to the error changes,the method of this article,basing on the wheeled mobile robot kinematic character,is proposed combining multi-mode control and fuzzy PID control.
substances that can be isolated in accordance with this method include but are not limited to phenolic compounds, flavones, isoflavones, glycosides, anthocyanins, proanthocyanidins, procyanidins, catechins, terpenes, lignins, tannins, glucosinilates, aliphatic and cyclic organic acids.
Effect of glutathione on cytokines in rabbits with hepatic ischemia- reperfusion injury
Effects of ephedrine on human nasal cilia movement measured with high-speed digital microscopy
Cloning Expression in E.coli and Biological Activity of Human Thymosin β_4
Effect of methylmercury on glutamine synthetase in rat brain cortex
Conclusions Compounds 1-8 are obtained from Penicillium oxalicum HSY-P-17 for the first time.
Methods The precursor sequence of miR-196b was amplified by PCR with human bone marrow genomic DNA as a template,vector plVTHMmiR-196b was recombinant with lentiviral vector plVTHM,packaged and titered.
Results: Myeloid/NK cell precursor acute leukemia which might origin from common progenitor between the NK cell and myeloid lineage
The chemical moieties may include any substance that results in a prodrug form, i.e., a molecule that is converted into its active form in the body by normal metabolic processes.
it is use to make a combination capable of ultraviolet polymerization and containing ( a ) at least one unsaturate compound capable of ultraviolet polymerization, ( b ) at least one ultraviolet light-sensitive co-initiator system as described in that claim of right 1, and ( c ) at least one polymerization inhibitor selected from phenols, quinone and organometallic compounds.
free amino acids are fully absorbed from the alimentary tract ,
PRELIMINARY STUDY ON BIOLOGICAL CHARACTERISTICS OF THE LARGE-EMBRYO RICE 6601
(2) as for PAEs,the blastocyst rate was significantly higher when cultured in PZM-3 than cultured in NCSU-23(35.4% vs.22.6%,P<0.05);
the CRE gene encode a 38 kDa recombinase which is able, without any other additional factors, to catalyze that recombination between two lox site.
Research and Development Status of Receptor Model on Source Apportionment of Atmospheric Particulate Matter
The Development of a New Type Ultrasonic Surgery Device
The viral genes are classified into early (designated E1-E4) and late (designated L1-L5) transcriptional units, referring to the generation of two temporal classes of viral proteins.
Glucosides of Chaenomeles speciosa suppressed contact hypersensitivity response via modulating the thymus T lymphocytes subsets in mice
Experiments with commercially available Hl - and H2 - antagonists A number of commercially available H1 - and H2 - antagonists was infused for 10 min at a dose of 0.5 mg/kg / min in the rat CHI - model after inflicting severe head injury .
Methods: Eighty patients with COPD were tested with spirometry,6MWT,BMI and MMRC dyspnea scale.
a few drops of the progestagen composition may be applied to the ocular surface as needed for each application.
Group B: took an intracoronary injection of tirofiban 5μg/kg immediately when no-reflow,and if it was not effective,took an intracoronary injection of nitroglyceride 200~300μg instantly(named as Group B+A).
Also in this study, frequency of continuous infusion of 24 hours severe neutropenia (<500 cells / mm3) was higher than three hours infusion group; effect of myelosuppression infusion time was greater than the dose.
Flavonoids, also called bioflavoinoids, are a broad class of polyphenolic secondary metabolites abundant in plants and in human diet, Most flavonoids occur in nature as glycosides in which at least one of the OH group (most frequently, HO-C(3), HO-C(5), and HO-C(7)) of the chromophore (aglycone) is glycosylated by mono-to tetrasaccharides involving neutral sugars such as D-glycose, D-galactose, L-rhamnose, and D-xylose
The invention relates to a method for producing bleached and dyed milk protein hairs, aiming at effectively solving the problems that fake hairs can stimulate the skin and cause the skin allergy and are inflammable.
Impact on expressoion of CCL20 by HBV infection
The Relationship between the Xba I , EcoR I Locus Polymorphisms of Apolipoprotein B Gene and Gallstone Disease
Therapy of Regulating Liver in The Treatment of Chronic Diarrhea
In a group of 10 male patients with a diagnostic of OSA, confirmed by polysomnography performed during a night in an hospital setting, an Epswoth score above 12 and a body mass index of less than 35, the effect of a 3-day treatment with BF 2.649 (3-(4-Chlorophenyl)propyl 3-piperidinopropyl ether) was assessed in a single-blind trial against placebo, at a fixed oral dose of 40 mg once a day.
digestive proteins including lipases, proteases, amylase and cellulose, each of them attacks different components, are thus far the most effective, safe and economic agents to fight against such stains.
synthesis of ( 3RS, 4RS) -7-hydroxy-3- ( 4-hydroxyphenyl) -3-methyl-4-[4- ( 5- ( 4, 4, 5, 5, 5-pentaf luoropentylsulfonyl) pentyloxy) phenyl]thiochroman
In one regard, however, alkyl structure, all detergents are expected to behave identically.
in a code region or upstream sequence of a circadian rhythm control gene, there exist a transcriptional control region ( i. e. a specific base sequence ) of that circadian rhythm control gene.
sinense, the infecting processes and the relations of the occurrence of diseases and changes in activities of the five protective enzymes, such as phenylalanine ammonialyase (PAL), peroxidase(POD), superoxide dismutase(SOD), chitinase and -1, 3-glucanase in leaves of C. sinense were studied
Voltammetric Study and Determination of Phenothiazine Derivates Using Thiols and Carbon Nanotubes Modified Gold Electrodes
Expression of methionine adenosyltransferase and T lymphocyte activation
Methods 60 preterm infants were equally randomized into two groups by double blind method:treatment group and control group.
Objective To early diagnose fetal distress,reduce perinatal death,advocate healthy pregnancy and scientific nurture by fetal heart rate supervision on antepartum and intrapartum.
Polyethylene glycol(PEG) in both layers as a by-product in the synthesis of MEE was determined by the method of GB/T 5560-2003. Definite amount of lower layer was taken and its content of the by-product diester was determined by 1H NMR after hydrolysis and separation.
Laser Enhanced Ionization Spectroscopy of Yb and Na Atoms
Double Blind Randomized Placebo Controlled Clinical Trial of Finasteride in the Treatment of Androgenetic Alopecia
in all these case, that blockade restricts the chance of survival for Cuban patients, unnecessarily prolongs or increases their suffer and raises treatment costs.
Conclusions: NT may inhibit the nociceptive information transmission in SG via increasing the inhibitory neurotransmitter release.Thus,it may play an analgesic role through this way in the spinal cord.
Objective:To observe the clinical efficacy of modified DaChaiHu Tang combined with DaChengQi Tang decoction on acute cholecystitis.
Advances in research of long noncoding RNAs in hepatic carcinoma
PCR-mediated gene replacement
Method Totally 141 patients with spastic hemiplegia due to ischemic stroke,who were eligible according to the diagnosis criteria,inclusion criteria,and exclusion criteria and with a disease duration ranging from 2 weeks to 6 months,were randomized into a rehabilitation group,Jin’s three needle group,and a combined group(Jin’s three needle plus rehabilitation).
Through caculating the change amount of the adsorpted free energy (△G), their absolute value were all less than 40kJ/mol, could infer that the adsorption of chlorpyrifos on HA belonged to the physical adsorption, its adsorption mechanism could be the actions of H-band, water distribution, dipolar action force and van der Waals force, while the chemical bond adsorption action was not existed.
The results in order of limulus activity equivalents of bacterial LPS was shown as follows:H
Sequencing indicates that Osinv (Qryza sativa invertase) contains 1937 bp which encoding a putative protein with 627 amino acids. Translate region is 1884bp, 5' -UTR (Untranslated Region) is 9 bp, 3' -UTR is 44 bp
CD44 can,therefore,be utilized as a prognostic marker for this group of patients.
Killing effect of sequential Herceptin and adriamycin treatment on breast cancer cell line in vitro
Nervus laryngeus inferior laryngeal nerve, recurrent
In this paper, acetalization of 3 - bromo - propanal and 2 - alkyl - 1,3 - propanediol by using p - toluenesulfonic acid monohydrate (Ts OH) as catalyst was studied
include, but are not limit to, epoxy acrylates, urethane acrylate,
The blood P -selectin, TNF and IL -1 of the patients were decreased both in the treatment and control group and the decrease in the treatment group was significantly greater than that of the control group (P<0. 01).
~Conclusion : The increased expression of CD43 gene on PBMC in SLE patients results in immunological dysfunction of lymphocytes.
compared with cyclophosphamide, cisplatin, paclitaxel, and the like, which are generally applied to clinic at present;
Objective: To investigate the effects of angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitor (ACEI) and angiotensin II type 1 receptor (AT1) antagonist on transforming growth factor 1 (TGF-β1) mRNA expression in aorta and cardiac muscles of spontaneous hypertension rat (SHR).
Artificial Inoculation of Wheat Yellow Mosaic Virus to Wheat
Effect of soil pH on membrane-lipid peroxidation and activity of protective enzymes in flue-cured tobacco leaves
Objective:To investigate the effect and the mechanism of NT-3 on reparation in spinal cord injury of rats through using the method of Allen's WD to make the animal model of acute spinal cord injured of rats, administrating NT-3 in subarachniod space, observing the change of motion evoked potential and hind limb motor function, detecting the level of SOD, NOS, MDA in blood and the express of apoptosis associated protein of nerve cell in spinal cord.
Phase equilibrium of vitamine C,diphnic acid,benzoic acid and 1-naphthalene-acetic acid in SC CO_2
③ The rats in VRT group received subcutaneous injection of 100 μL of sterile sesame oil for 14 times (4 weeks) by the same regime as described above.
METHODS Discharged patients from Jan 1st,2003 to May 31st,2006 in our hospital were investigated for retrospective analysis on incision infection cases.
Methods The clinical data of 18 cases gastric stump cancer patients treated in the second department of general surgery of Chaohu City Second People’s Hospital from 2000 to 2011 were analyzed.
Mechanism of supression on proliferation of human hepatoma cell line QGY by oxaliplatin
Furthermore, it can be a hair-pin loop constituted by a single-stranded polynucleotide which contains a complementary nucleotide sequence in the molecule.
Study on Correlation Between Tongue Exfoliated Cytology and Female Sexual Hormones of Patients with Primary Sterility
21. Recombinant viral particles or recombinant virus-like particles comprising fusion protein molecules, said fusion protein comprising the following fusion protein domains:
The pathogenicity of molecular biology in malignant lymphoma shows the deletion and mutation of P53 and P16 which are carcinoma suppressor genes and formation of Bcl-2/JH fusion gene. As the same time, P53 and P16 are important genes which can suppress the apoptosis of lymphoma cells. Also, Bcl-2/JH is an important gene which can induce the apoptosis of ones. In order to studying the constitutional changes of these three kinds of gene, PCR-SSCP and PCR sequencing were used for 9 kinds of human m...
Objective:To investigate the clinical features of hand-foot-mouth diseases(HFMD) patients infected by enterovirus 71(EV71).
Short - term catheters are put in place in the patient's hospital room
conclusion: the results showed that ct examination was a reliable manner in diagnosis of cerebral damage that brought from asphyxia at birth. there were no positive correlation between cerebral damages and saphyxia degrees. the production and prognosis of cerebral damages could not be certified simply by the degrees of asphyxia at birth.
‡Statistically significant reduction compared to zinc-free product (p<0.05)
Many protein-protein interactions at cell surfaces involve dimeric or oligomeric ligands docking with dimeric or oligomeric receptors.
To obtain overall information on the efficacy and safety of celecoxib in human drug therapy the databases Medline/Pubmed, Toxline and Science Direct have been searched for published literature on experimental studies with celecoxib.
the present invention is Chinese herbal medicine decoction for treat vital energy stagnation and blood stasis type vaginal hemorrhage after induce abortion and its preparation process, and relates to that recipe of Chinese herbal medicine decoction for treating vital energy stagnation and blood stasis type vaginal hemorrhage aft induced abortion
BFGF Continuous Subcutaneous Injection by Analgesia Pump to the Survival of Extra Long Free Skin Flap in Rabbits
and 3) fragmentation of RNA.
[Method] The effects of PGRs on the metabolism of seed tuber and roots growth of different buds potato were discussed by seed soaking in a potted experiment.
THE INFLUENCE ON TOLERANCE OF MAN TO PRESSURE BREATHING BY INCREASING COUNTERPRESSURE ON THE ABDOMEN AND LOWER LIMB WITH ANTI-G-SUIT
Effects of Cadmium on Fructose and Transfer in Seminal Plasma From Occupationally Exposed Workers
fowl leucosis
The mean hospitalization was 19 days.
The results showed that HBV DNA localized in liver cells mainly as nucleic type (70%).
Conclusion: Human cardiomyocytes have PC phenomenon, and the protective mechanism might involve the activation of PKC and protein phosphorylation reaction.
Inhibitory effect of Toxoplasma gondii on angiogenesis of tumor tissue on transplanted carcinoma in mice
Survey on prevalence of chronic diseases and its influence factors among permanent residents in Zhouzhuang Town of Kunshun City
Preparation and Antimicrobial Activity of Thiourea Chitosan-Ag~+ Complex
Objective: Sterigmatocystin (ST) is the toxic metabolite of Aspergillus versicolor and Aspergillus nidulans and is one of the predominant contaminating mycotoxins in the foodstuffs of the residents in high incidence area of malignancies in China.
The Value of MRCP in Patients with Postcholecystectomy Syndrome:a Report of 89 Cases
the invention is also directed to pharmaceutical compositions comprising these compounds and the use of these compounds and compositions in the prevention or treatment of such diseases in which CGRP is involved.
currently it is the preferred cross-sectional imaging modality in most diseases of the brain and spine and has attained major importance in imaging diseases of the musculoskeletal system .
Effect of Rabbit with Pulmonary Thrombembolism to the Expression of Hepatocyte Growth Factor
Methods: In clinic, the effect of forming cystitomy on 38 cases of mandibular and maxillary cyst was analyzed
The influence of dietary cation-anion balance on weighting and digestive function of fatting sheep
Objective To investigate the clinical and application values of loop electrosurgical excision procedure(LEEP) electrotome combined with medical chitosan hydrogel for treatment of cervical disease.
Can you prescribe any soothing medication?
ECS SW (PER TB) - BRS S1 EDISC, which was found in the configuration being restored, cannot be restored as it is no longer available
The crystalline complex is then re-dissolved in a solution containing saline and albumin and sterile filtered (0.2 microns) prior to vacuum-drying.
Furthermore, when the relationship between such a sugar chain and cell differentiation, population growth, cell adhesion, immunity and a malignant change (cancer) in cells becomes clear, a new development can be expected to be planned by closely relating this sugar chain engineering to the medical science, cell engineering or organs and medical engineering
Second, under anaerobic conditions, certain ethanologenic organisms can carry out alcoholic fermentation by the decarboxylation of pyruvate into acetaldehyde, catalysed by pyruvate decarboxylase (PDC) and the subsequent reduction of acetaldehyde into ethanol by NADH, catalysed by alcohol dehydrogenase (ADH).
Correlation between the Improved Random Urine Red Blood Cell Count and the Addis Count of Urine Erythrocytes
Effects of Different Nitrogen and Phosphate Rates on Yield and Quality of Salvia Miltiorrhiza Bge
ALTERATIONS OF G PROTEIN ALPHA SUBUNITS IN HEART AND AORTA OF OLD RAT
D-dimer,Fibrinogen in the diagnosis and prognosis determination of the patients with VTE are important prognostic factors.
study of serum lipid level and that electron microscopic observation in xanthelasma patients
Expression and Activity Assay of T-reesei α-1, 2-mannosidase in Pichia Yeast
The BMD and BMDL was 1. 420 and 0. 510 μmol/L respectively which was calculated on urine manganese content and ECG abnormal rate of dose-response relationship.
inhibition of light-induced apoptosis of RPE cell by recombinant human erythropoietin
Methods The combination group(n=23)were treated with LAM(100 mg·d-1)plus ADV(10 mg·d-1),and the control group(n=21)with LAM(100 mg·d-1)for 96 weeks.Results The blood biochemical improvement in combination group was superior to control group(P<0.05).
Semen is a fluid which sperms swim
Results: Of the 98 patients, 78.6% were male, with the peak incidence occuring in the age group from 21 to 40 years old
Repair of volar tendon skin defect of index with complex tendon flap based on the second dorsal metacarpal artery.
The arterial ligaments and the left recurrent laryngeal nerves have been observed on 30 adults. The arterial ligament is 12.97 ±4.53mm long. There are 23 cord-like arterial ligaments, their diameters are 3.92±1.12 mm.
Fluorescent staining method for cotton fiber
The 17 strains were isolated from stool specimens of the patients, 11 from Carriers and 2 from pigs.
by neutral electron donor ligand exchange, by cross metathesis, using acetylene, using cumulated olefins, and in a one-pot method using diazo compounds and neutral electron donors.
Conclusion: mLST8 was successfully expressed in E. coli,and refolded mLST8 with cor rect secondary structure was help to further study its crystal structure and function.
The Effect and Mechanism of Atorvastatin on the Improvement of Endothelial Function;
the reaction mixture was then allow to react-out over a period of 10 minute by adding 2-3 mL of initiator
supratentorial hypertensive hemorrhage
Objective To compare the effect of 6% hydroxyethyl starch (HES 200/0.5) with that of 4% MFGatin on haemostasis during acute hypervolemic haemodilution (AHH
To study the effects of olive leaf extract(OLE) on biochemical indexes of blood in mice with lead poisoned.
The technical route and condition of polysaccharides extraction and isolation from Paecilomyces gunnii
The aluminium electrodeposition and redissolution loss in pure cryolite melt, industry bath and low melting point electrolyte melt have been investigated by us-ing electrochemical niethods.
Protein content of the membrane suspension is determined using the Bio-Rad protein assay kit (Bio-Rad, Hercules, Calif.).
Methods 125 cases of closed renal trauma were studied retrospectively.
Results:The internal jugular vein group had higher success rate and fewer complications compared with the subclavian vein group(P<0.05).
in that case of protein or peptides,
At 1065 patient-years of follow-up, the primary efficacy event rate was 3.0 per 100 patient-years(95%credible interval[CrI]1.9-4.5) in the intervention group and 4.9 per 100 patient-years(2.8-7.1) in the control group(rate ratio[RR]0. 62,95%CrI 0.35-1.25).
To explore the relationship between lower reproductive tract infection by etiologic microorganism and adverse pregnancy outcomes in pregnant women in mid-pregnancy.
The obtained amplified DNA fragment was digested with EcoT22I and AvaI, and the obtained fragment was blunt-ended and inserted into the SmaI site of pMW119 to obtain a plasmid pddh.
the adverse reaction of that worsen of dendritic keratitis was not observed when trace dexamethasone [0.001%, one percent of usual concentration ( 0.1% ) ] was use to treat the experimental HSV keratitis.
METHODS: Two hundred and ninety-six selected hospitalized patients with ACS were divided into observation group(n=184) and control group(n=112).Aspirin,clopidogrel,LMWH and 2-3 days of tirofiban were administered to all patients.
study of that Biochemical Properties of the Vibrio Parahaemolyticus Bacterophages
anterior lateral glabellar furrow
the RAT 116 receive that microinstructions 106 from the translator 108 and detect dependencies between the microinstructions 106.
The hemodynamic effects of the new EECP device were examined in six beagle dogs by direct measurement of aortic pressure.
So far,there is no clinical data for the reference in China,thus the therapies through the world to TB/HIV co-infected patients are briefly described in this article.
Experimental study on myocardial viability by multimodality MRI compared with pathological findings
Clinical and Experimental Study on Treating Traumatic Myositis Ossificans with the Meathod of Activating Blood to Resolve Stasis
Allozyme diversity was analyzed for all types of growing habits within an introgressed population, and little genetic differentiation was found among them
Prokaryotic Expression and Optimization of Expression Conditions of Open Reading Frame 1 Gene of Porcine Torque Teno Virus Type 2
Preliminary experimental study on Yinqiaowendantang in intervention of radiation pulmonary fibrosis in rats
Sharks, which lack bones but are rich in cartilage, were studied and two shark-derived products are in clinical trial for their ability to inhibit the vascularization associated with tumor growth.
specifically, we are interest in studying that regulation mechanism at the molecular, cellular and organismal levels through studying several key components in mammalian and bacterial iron homeostasis: bacterial and mammalian iron acquisition, utilization, storage, and iron / oxidative stress adaptation / detoxification
And the N-methyl-D-aspartate (NMDA) receptor on the synaptosome in hippocampus is one of the biological bases of LTP
Objective: To study the susceptibility of yeasts to six antifungal agents.Methods:The susceptibilities of 300 strains of Candida spp.clinically isolated from the blood, urine, sputum from July 2004 to April 2005 to Ampho, Nysta, Flucz, Ketoz, Micoz, Ctrim were determined by broth microdilution tests performed according to the National Committee for Clinical Laboratory Standards guideline(NCCLS M_(27)-A_2).Results: Strains of Candida albicans were the most frequent organism isolated which accounte
patient elevator
Columba domestica was chosen to study the affecting factors of ISSR-PCR amplification.Orthogonal design of five factors(Mg2+,dNTPs,primer,Taq DNA polymerase,template) at four levels was used to establish the suitable ISSR-PCR system by primer ISSR807 in Columba domestica,and the suitable anneal temperature was yielded from gradient PCR on temperature.
Fowls egg protein and method for catalytic oxidation of alcohol by solid supported metalloporphyrin thereof
suitably, that polar lipid: triglyceride hydrolyse activity ratio may be greater than 5
The analysis of set up errors during the treatment of nasopharyngeal carcinoma with three dimensional radiation therapy
vaccine composition comprising (1) a replication deficient simian adenoviral vector C7 encoding a protein comprising CS protein from P. falciparum or a fragment thereof (2) a malaria antigen, and (3) an adjuvant
The levels of GATA6,TBX20mRNA of the two groups were investigated through realtime PCR.Immunohistochemical staining was used to detect GATA6,TBX20 protein.Data from the two groups was compared by two independent samples t-test and Bivariate Correlations method.
Methods: Ears stick pressure for insomnia 30 cases(treatment group),and oral estazolam 1mg 30 patients(control group) as compared to the Pittsburgh application sleep quality index(PSQI) scale as evaluation indexes of sleep,analyzed and judged the treatment results.
Thus, after a drug infusion, uncontrolled free flow of residual drug left in the peristaltic and intravenous tubing to a patient still connected to the drug cassette is prevented.
The transnasal approach is not appropriate for all brain tumors;
We therefore suggest that the albinism in A. japonicus might be due to low astacin expression.
Calcined from 950℃ to 1050℃, Al_2O_3/TiO_2 nanocomposites were the mixture crystal of anatase and rutile, and the content of anatase was about 80% to 20%.
Stage 3 macular hole: Role of optical coherence tomography and of B-scan ultrasonography
where PNECsoil is defined as the predicted no observed effect concentra- tion on organisms and often derived from NOEC (no observed effect concentration
Carcinoma in situ is a proliferation of cancer cells within ducts or lobules and without invasion of stromal tissue.
The Fusion-expression of Wheat TaNADP-ME1 Gene in E. coli and Purification of Fusion Protein
the oncolytic virus useful in that present invention is preferably not an adenovirus, particularly not the onyx-015 virus
The addition of tween20 and SDS during the lipase treatment could be helpful in the removal of the lipophilic extractives and the adhesion performances.When adding 0. 3 % tween20 or 0. 25 % SDS to the reaction system, the removal percentage of the lipophilic extractives was increased by 15. 59、21.30 %, respectively, and the weight gain percentage after acetylation was increased by 24. 75、26.69 %, respectively, and the surface bonding strength was enhanced by 1. 44, 1. 56 times and the inner bonding strength was enhanced by 3. 06, 3. 19 times, respectively
Primary Analysis of Metabolite of Tolypocladium Sinense ZN_(923) Strain
When receiving services from the server subsequently, the authentication apparatus may have the user input a finger vein image, and collate the vein information extracted from that vein image with the vein information registered in the internal memory.
Peptides mimicking the active site contain two sequences, Arg-Gly-Asp and Asp-X-X-Asp, wherein X means any amino acid.
Purpose：The aim is to compare the pharmacological eff ects of Cerebrolysin, Naoduotai (Cerebral polypeptide) injection(NDT) and Naozuz hi(Cerebral tis sue) injection (NZZ).
CT Analysis of 37 Cases of Renal Space Occupying Lesions
Preferably, the enzymes produced by the host cell of the invention have a cellulase activity of at least 2 WSU in 16 times or more diluted supernatant or broth, for example a cellulase activity of at least 3 WSU or a cellulase activity of at least 5 WSU or more in 16 times diluted supernatant or broth.
Here in Hunan, and particularly in this area administered by Hengyang City, which includes Ms. Ge’s village, stories of cancer are common
Studies utilizing synchronous spectra showed that the conjugation reaction between drugs and BSA would affect the conformation of BSA.It made protein molecules extend and hydrophobic nature reduce.
The preparation technology includes three parts: the preparation of the nano metal powder; the dispersion of the metal powder; the recombination of the organic-nano metal powder.
e. g. a patient or a part of a patient ,
The cardiovascular parameters were measured by using Doppler echocardiography before and 12 months after treatment.
The headspace constituents of fresh Gardenia flower were investigated by GC/MS.The headspace volatiles were sampled by solid phase microextraction (SPME) and dynamic headspace sampling (DHS).
FIG. 6 5.8 kb BamHI-XhoI fragment of YCpHF19S containing the FL01S gene.
Our study suggested that the water extracts from the hull of Camellia oleifera Abel strongly inhibited FAS in both reversible and irreversible manner in vitro.
that is 1.5 million preventable deaths each year.
There were C -banding polymorphism of homologousing polymorphism of homologous chromosomes in No. 1,3,13,15-18 chromosomes
Similarly, they may be mutated to modify their ligand binding or signaling activities.
However, 0.01 and 0.1 mg/L mercury in water significantly increased the frequency of micronucleated cells in Vicia faba root tips (P<0.01 as compared with negative).
Effect of transcatheter arterial chemoembolization together with radiofrequency ablation on VEGF and MVD in rabbit models with hepatic cancer
Evidence-based preoperative risk assessment and perioperative patient care for patients with heart disease and hypertension are summarised
the preparation method is a normal-temperature and normal-pressure water-phase preparation method and comprise that following step of: with silver nitrate, bovine serum albumin and sodium sulfide as raw materials, regulating and control the nucleation and growth of a nanometer material by using protein, and eliminating unreacted ions through dialysis via a semipermeable membrane to obtain an extra-small ( smaller than 10 nanometers) silver sulfide quantum dot stably existing in a water solution
The second enrichment of the present invention is performed as described in the first enrichment step with the input DNA being the amplification products from the first enrichment.
The control injection consisted of an equivalent Ad vector that did not encode CT - 1 .
The last stage of the birth process involves the delivery of the placenta which is now called the afterbirth.
The removal of PCA by three marine macroalgae and the photosynthetical responses
Compared with feeding on natural prey Bemisia tabaci , the development, survival, fecundity, and population growth of Delphastus catalinae (Horn) feeding on Tetranychus nr.
has special effects for treating the gastric flatulence.
05), After 24 weeks with survival group and death group, Knodell score, ICG RI5 values had significant difference(P<0.05).
For patients in both groups,treatment was lasted for two weeks.We detected the activities of daily living(ADL) and visual analogue pain(VAS),and carried out the psychological evaluation for the patients.Clinical efficacy was compared between the two groups.At the same time,we followed up the patients for 3 months.
Magnetic resonance imaging of the brain demonstrated a right parietal lobe abscess and a sinus tract extending through the overlying calvarium
Clinical analysis of 123 cases of mitral valve replacement in radiofrequency catheter ablation
They usually have transforming and often protein kinase activities.
Conclusion Severe pulmonary tuberculosis is liable to complicate with MOF, and mainly precipitated by pulmonary infections. Respiratory failure is generally appeared first, then, MOF follows, and its mortality rate is very high
The results showed that the optimum reaction conditions were:ratio of isooctane 10%, concentration of OPBE 100 mmol/L, catalyst dosage 0. 45 g/mL and 40 g/L glucose as co-substrate
The effects of Nd addition(0,0.05,0.5wt%) on the microstructure and shear strength of SAC solder joint under as-reflowed and 150℃isothermal-aging process were investigated.
the shape body of resin of stated stac content is formed by layer and thermoplastic resin bed containing fluorine ethylene polymer, etc. of thermoplastic polymer of thermoplastic elastomer, etc
It was hypothesised that the altered osmotic state of the cells helped to reduce trauma associated with the penetration of the microprojectile.
31P-MRS,as a way of noninvasively researching living-organ tissue metabolism,biochemical changes and quantitative analysis of chemical combination in the medical field with rapid development,it has gradually become the important measures of the physiology pathology diagnosis and therapeutic monitoring.
Patients with hyperuricemia and gout received pegloticase 8 mg intravenously every 4 weeks (N=84) or placebo (N=43).
The results suggested that at least in the range of 0. 5-2. 0 g·kg-1 the Shegan Dilong particles had no significant effect on animal cardiovascular system,respiratory system,urinary system and central nervous system,and it also suggested that the adverse reactions was small.So it’s a safe drug suitable for the clinical application.
However, high cencentration of Fg had no significant effect on t-PA activity at day 12 and 14.
Treatment of complication of fiberoptic bronchoscopy
The activity of ¦Â-1,3-glucosidase, phenylalanine ammonia lyase(PAL), poly-phenoloxidase(PPO) and catalase(CAT) were increased by inoculating Botrytis cinerea and under different concentration treatment with the extracts of Xanthium sibiricum
that is, patient were only to be considered if that patient' treating physicians were substantially uncertain about the value of lipid- modifying therapy for that particular individual and felt that there was no indication for lipid-modifying therapy.
the present invention provide compositions and method of their use for treating or preventing climacteric symptoms such as hot flash
Methods WOB phy was obtained by the patient′s work of breathing (WOBt), minuting the imposed work of breathing (WOB imp ).
The OM Observation on the Tissues and Cells of Macrobrachium nipponense Muscle? Eyestalk and Brain by He-Ne Laser Radiation
Preference is given to using inorganic acids, for example sulfuric acid, hydrochloric acid, phosphoric acid, nitric acid and hydrobromic acid or mixtures thereof, of which still further preference is given to sulfuric acid and hydrochloric acid.
Survey of understanding status of perioperative period knowledge among neurosurgery patients in the hospital
Methods The varieties of antiepileptic drugs,the blood drug levels and the situations of symptom control were analyzed from 526 outpatients with epilepsy in our hospital.
Synthesis and Characterization of Bis-Benzothiazole Acyclic Crown Ethers
Infant formula compositions containing docosapentaenoic acid n-6 ('DPA(n-6)') and other polyunsaturated fatty acids and methods for their preparation and use are provided.
in another embodiment of this aspect of that invention, the PP13 molecule is mRNA of PP13 or cDNA correspond thereto and the structure of the PP13 molecule is the sequence of the mRNA of PP13 or cDNA corresponding thereto
Experimental Research on Gene Therapy of Parkinson's Disease
study on eliminate and inhibiting that effect of Maillard reaction in sugar juice
Conclusion Combined with the method of volumetric resection,microscope continued neuronavigation may be very helpful to real-time define boundary of the tumor and increase the degree of tumor resection under the premise of reducing the damage of functional areas.
Study on the mechanism of action of ischemic preconditioning in protecting myocardium against ischemic injury
Analysis on the Risk Factors of Transient Ischemic Attack for Middle-aged People and the Elderly
The Study about Chronic Pelvic Inflammatory Disease Associated with Piwei Diseases
include most marine or seaweed extract, e. g. agar, alginate, furcelleran etc.,
investigation and analysis of Anxiour Emotion in that patient undergoing gynecological operation
Provided is an anisotropic scattering film comprising a micro-porous film and a substance in micro pores of said micro-porous film, wherein the micro pores observed on the surface of the film are substantially in the form of ellipse, the ratio of the major axis to the minor axis (major axis/minor axis) of said ellipse is over 1,
the relationship between that reproduction and the ChromosomalVariation of freshwater planarian ( Dugesia) in China
comparing the measured value with the amount of labeled CO2 in expired air collected from a healthy subject who had taken the same composition;
incubation was carry out under that same condition as for example 2, except for the 8 day yeast
Conclusion Synbiotics had good function of reducing blood lipid.
Objective To investigate the prognostic value of sudden deafness with or without vertigo and tinnitus.
SOME LINES WILL differentiate into only certain cell types; others grow sluggishly in culture
the microbial pesticide has the advantage that the microbial pesticide prepared from the antagonistic bacterium fermentation liquor and assistants according to certain proportion has the characteristics of good prevention effect, safety, environmental protection and the like, reduces the using times of Sanmate, reduces the drug resistance of the Sanmate, and is the microbial pesticide required for producing green food.
Accordingly, an elderly individual's nutritional requirements may be different than a young or middle aged individual.
The disclosed biomarkers provide a complete picture of the liver metabolism.
in contrast, epidemiological evidence strongly support an association between cadmium exposure and neoplasia, including respiratory and renal cancer ( ARB, 1986c ).
refers to viruses the genome of which is at least partially transcribed and translated into viral proteins or even replicated, however, not packaged into infectious viral particles
At first, the suppositional mechanism for propane ammoxidation was suggested based on the adaptability theory of catalyst surface group-structure. It showed that the catalysts for design with good ACN yield should possess the adaptable surface groups constituted with dehydrogenation centers, oxygen-supplying centers and cyaniding centers with adaptable activity and number corresponding to the required mechanism of reaction.
A Clinical Research on Treatment of Yishen Tonglin for Renal Injury after ESWL
Good results have been reported with this approach along with tensioning of the graft in 90 degrees of knee flexion with an anterior drawer force
Conclusion S\-2 possessed BALB/c3T 3 cells malignant transformation ability and it was necessary to study it further
Significance of detecting P-selectin of pleural effusion in differentiating tuberculous and malignant pleural effusions
By "inhibit" in this context is meant decreasing or interfering with mitotic spindle formation or causing mitotic spindle dysfunction.
gaseous exchange of soils
the current clinical data collection and analysis techniques ( such as Axius Velocity Vector Imaging by Siemens ) rely on post-detected signals ,
The results show that : the total amount of polyphenols by HPLC was more than 30mg/g among different planting areas,which demonstrated a decrease tendency of Hezhang>Bijie>Jinsha>Dafang>Weining.
The relation of the headache with blood-pressure control in patients with hypertension
The so called normal intestinal microflora is the bacteria in intestine.
Relationship between anti-zona pellucida antibody and the levels of hormone in women with infertility
survey and analysis on T lymph cell sub-group of individual infected by HIV for 10 year
Progresses on the detection’s technology of human immunodeficiency virus infection
renal prostaglandin
Results The results showed that cure rate was 93 7% for type 1, 81 6% for type 2 and 68 4% for type 3 There was significant difference in cure rate among different types ( P <0 01) Complication of ESS in 1 268 cases occurred in 2 3% Conclusion ESS is efficacy and safe in the treatment of nasal polyps and chronic sinusitis The cure result is directly related to the types of the disease
The results showed that: the treatments of adopting comprehensive weeding,subsoiling + benazolin+ ethametsulfuron+clopyralid and intertillage+ethametsulfuron+clopyralid had good effects.The weed strains control rate and the weed fresh weight control rate were both higher than 90 percent.
Methods Ninety cases of CFS were randomly divided into an observation group and a control group,45 cases in each group.
We also found tissue Flt-4(VEGFR-3) protein downregulation by somatostatin pretreatment.
Results Among 592 outpatients, 87.5% felt nervous, 66.55% without any knowledge about it. There was no significant difference between male and female patients in their nervous degree.
the analysis of prognostic factor in 41 patients bleede from large esophageal varices
The relation had no obvious cooperation or rejection between P. koreanus,M. jiyuanensis and S. pretoriensis of intestinal helminthes from the R. ferrumequinum in the hibernation group.And parasitic cases of these worms should be independent of each other.
Materials and Methods:Thirty five AMI patients were classified into intravenous thrombolysis (IVT) group, percutaneous transluminal coronary angioplasty (PTCA) group, and IVT+PTCA group
Antibody solutions or vehicle were administered intraperitoneally in a volume of 0.2 ml
include towel, facial tissue, bath tissue,
A method of preparing particles of a substance, for example selected from a flavour, fragrance, pigment, dye, biologically active compound or a plastics material, comprises contacting the substance or a formulation ( which may include the substance in conjunction with a second solvent ) with a first solvent which comprises a C1-C4 hydrofluorocarbon, especially tetrafluoroethane, and subjecting the resultant mixture to a separation process, for example, by allowing the mixture to be sprayed as a misti 14 ) from a high pressure environment in a first vessel 12 ) to a low pressure environment in a second vessel 18 ), thereby to cause separation of at least some of the substance from the first solvent and the formation of fine particles 120 ) of the substance.
in addition, that architecture of riboswitches allow actual pieces of the natural switch to be used to construct new non-immunogenic genetic control elements
the A composition comprise a fluoroacylate copolymer, nano SiO2, epoxy resin and a mixed solvent 1
Optimum of the Condition for Preparing Selenium-Enriched Candida Utilis
Studies of β-Amylase Isozyme in Mature Grains of Two-rowed Barley and Its Hybrids
The expression of AQP4 and effects of bFGF in neonatal rats with hypoxic-ischemic brain damage.
the degradation of the gamma- cyclodextrin incubated tanc is a disruption of the complex structure and not a degradation of the cyclodextrin complex surrounding the tanc.
The alteration of endothelial cells' function in the pathology of systemic autoimmune disease1 The role of anti-endothelial cell antibodies in the pathology of autoimmune diseaseEndothelial cells(ECs) share manifold physiological functions and can express various allogeneic antigens such as ABO blood type antigens, human leukocyte antigens and endothelial-specific antigens as the antigen presenting cells
ZnO nanowires have been grown on metal coated substrates by Chemical Vapor deposition and catalytic technology and studied the factors which effect the growth of ZnO nanowires
Methods 118 AECOPD patients complicated with type Ⅱ respiratory failure were randomly divided into the control group and the experience group.The control group(n=58) received BiPAP treatment and the experience group(n=60) were given BiPAP and bronchoalveolar lavage treatment.
For junction detection in the case of HBV X gene reverse integration into the region containing intron 3 of the MLL4 gene, a preferred example is the combination of the 671F1 shown by SEQ ID NO.8 as the forward primer and the MD26c shown by SEQ ID NO.4 as the reverse primer.
Even with the recent controversies around treatment, experts across primary care and specialty mental health alike agreed that active monitoring, pharmacotherapy with selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors, and psychotherapy can be appropriate under certain clinical circumstances when initiated within primary care settings
The lipase-catalyzed preparation of conjugated linoleic acid glyceride(CLA) from conjugated linoleic acid and glycerin under supercritical CO2 was studied. The effects of the quantities of molecular sieve and enzyme addition, pressure, temperature and time on the esterification rate of CLA were investigated
Methods Took the method of cluster sample in a few primary school in the areas around Urumqi,291 children aged 6 to 13 were taken and calculated BMI used the formula of weight(kg)/height2(m2),and measured leptin and insulin concentrations by the way of RIA.
They include errors in the administration of drugs and other medications (MEDICATION ERRORS), errors in the performance of procedures or the use of other types of therapy, in the use of equipment, and in the interpretation of laboratory findings and preventable accidents involving patients.
The melting point, crystal structure, IR spectrum and inter-molecular interaction of Z and Ep-methoxybenzaldoxime were studied by experiment and ab initio method.
A process for the production of micro-encapsulated copolymers of hydrophobic and hydrophilic monomers involves the polymerisation of micro-encapsulated hydrophobic monomer (A) in aqueous suspension with the addition of hydrophilic monomer (B) to the aqueous phase.
Analysis of the therapeutic effect of simultaneously RevoLix 2 micron continuous wave laser combined with U100plus laser in treating benign prostatic hyperplasia complicated with bladder calculus
skin cream composition/Skin cream composition contain protein complex, protein-amino acid-vitamin-nucleotide complex and dimethylsilanoyl hyaluronate complex for skin care
small interfere RNA with target-specific seed sequence
Middle intensity (46-60%FC) can improve the cardiac fitness, e.g. increase EDD, EDV, EF, SV, reduce FIR and enhance the contraction ability of cardiac muscles, also meliorate vital capacity and systolic pressure.
Such a mist pipe (10) allows the size distribution of the drops to be kept within narrow limits even when water is used as a carrier medium.
The sensitivity of 93 strains of saccharomycetes to AMB and 5 FC should be higher than that of them to the triazole drugs.Among the triazole drugs,the resistant rate of saccharomycetes to VRC should be higher than that of them to FCA and ITR.It is deduced that drug sensitivity could be associated with strains.
Results From 2005-2010,the positive rate of blood tests was from16.47% to 26. 84%,assuming an ascend trend;the positive rate of stool examinations was from 2. 13% to 4. 44%,assuming a downward trend;the infection rate of cattle was from 1. 56% to 18. 00%,assuming a downward trend in volatility.
study of ecological characteristic of fertility index for thirteen new genic male sterile rices
suitable betaine may have that general formula RN ( R ) 2R2COO wherein R is a hydrophobic moiety selected from the group consist of alkyl groups containing from 10 to 22 carbon atoms, preferably from 12 to 18 carbon atom; alkyl aryl and aryl alkyl groups containing 10 to 22 carbon atoms with a benzene ring being treated as equivalent to about 2 carbon atoms,
The results of sequencing 6 independent clones from the RT - PCR reaction on resting B cell cDNA indicates that both splice acceptor sites are utilized .
Objective To evaluate spiral CT in the maxillofacial fractures in the clinical value.
a liquid active agent formulation suitable for use in the ascending release dosage form of the present invention may be neat liquid active agent or a solution , suspension , slurry , emulsion , self-emulsifying composition , liposomal solution , or other flowable formulation in which the active agent is present .
it is preferable to use succinic acid, adipic acid, azelaic acid, sebacic acid, brassylic acid, or respective ester-forming derivative thereof, or a mixture of these.
Clinical analysis of children secondary posterior chamber intraocular lens implantation
yeast cell elongation
A M2 protein key factor in RSV gene expression encodes the essential viral polymerase for viral replication.
A fold of skin on the dorsal surface of a mollusk.It encloses a cavity containing the gills.
A shuttle promoter-probe vector pNW33N-mpd was constructed with the E. coli-B. subtilis shuttle vector pNW33N and the mature mpd gene without it’s signal peptide-encoding sequence.
Fish disease therapies that avoid the use of potent drugs or chemicals with adverse side effects, or that avoid the necessity for precise dosing requirements, are desirable for fish in confined environments.
CONCLUSION:The result of conjunctival blotting cytological examination is accurate and objective in diagnosis of dry eye syndrome.The method is worthy of promoting and applying.
The preven tion and treatment of complications of sexual impotence treated with papaverine
include using that sulfonate salt to treat dermatologic disorders and for skin resurfacing
(Results) The overall response rate(RR) was 32. 8% (21/64), medium response time 4 months, medium survival time 6 months. In 39 Patients with primary treatment, their RR was 41. 0% (16/39), but that of the other patients after multiple course treatments was 20. 0% (5/25), the result of primary treatment was better (P<0.05).
increase that activity of sucrose synthase, reduce the consumption of glycogen,
an ionic liquid is selected in which simple solvation or dissolution takes place - i.e. solvation or dissolution without cellulose derivatisation.
We confirmed the best process solution were as follow: fermentation temperature 25℃~36℃, saccharifying enzyme dosage 0. 45%(activity as 5×104U), active dry yeast dosage 0. 3%, the ratio material of water is 1:2. 5, Wuyi red dosage 3%, use glutinous rice as raw materials
The Roy bacterium lacticum can be used for regulating intestinal flora and inhibiting intestinal pathogenic bacteria or food spoilage microorganisms, or is combined with a conventional carrier to be well used for preventing and/or treating the alteration of the intestinal flora.
Exodeoxyribonuclease V \An ATP-dependent exodeoxyribonuclease that cleaves in either the 5'- to 3'- or the 3'- to 5'-direction to yield 5'-phosphooligonucleotides
Investigating the Photobleaching Property of Single DNA-YOYO-1 Complex by Molecular Combing Method
(Psychology) Of or relating to the stage of psychosexual development in psychoanalytic theory beginning in puberty and during which the genitals become the focus of sexual gratification.
The nonspecific inflammatory reaction is present not only in the vicinity of Aschoff bodies but also in areas where there are none of these specific structures
[WT5”HZ]Methods [WT5”BZ]MRI and MRC were performed in 280 patients with obstructive jaundice from Mar.1997 to May.1999. The diagnosis of HHC was proved in 38 cases (13 6%, 38/280) by laparotomy and pathology.
Outpatients with Burns Treated with MEBO Gauze
The plasma volume injected postoperative differ from 0 to 900 milliliters, the average volume was 320 milliliters. The erythrocyte volume injected postoperative differ from 0 to 400 milliliters, the average volume was 70 milliliters
As such they contain enhancer - promoter sequences and can control the expression of the viral genes .
Conclusion Epinephrine, one of the lipolytic hormones, has no effect on the expression of AQPap mRNA levels, but high level glucose can increase AQPap mRNA expression.
Estrace (Estradiol) estrogen helps prepare the uterine lining for embryo implantation. aof the uterus.
Conclusion The application of anesthesia of fentanyl combined with propofol in the radiofrequency ablation of liver tumor may reduce the fear of the patients, lessen the waking up time.Its effect of anesthesia was reliable.This method can meet the need for surgery, and is worthy of promotion.
4-Pheol-azo pyridine (2) (39.2 mg, 0.2 mmol) dissolved in 20 ml methanol was added drop-wise and the solution immediately turned from brown to intense brown yellow.
A clinical scoring index is used to assess disease progression from erythema and edema (stage 1), joint distortion (stage 2), to joint ankylosis (stage 3).
The phylogenetic tree comparison shows that there were closer genetic relashinships between VEGF-A,VEGF-B,VEGF-D and strains of NZ2 and PA11.
Adrenomedullin and Regulates Collagen Synthesis Via ERK Activation
Therapeutic effect of external counterpulsation on the circulatory disturbance during hemorrhagic shock
suspensions, not all solid dissolved for time points 24 h and 6 h
in a preferred embodiment, that invention provide genes whose silence enhances cell killing by a Topo I inhibitor, e. g., campto, by at least 2 fold, e. g., NM-139286.
in particular optical mammography systems for imaging female breast tissue ,
Results:The existing hypertension models have different features,hypertension models have further perfecting necessary.
Kuwait and Saudi Arabia reported increased abuse of ATS and in Saudi Arabia the prevalence of ATS abuse was estimated to be even higher than the prevalence of abuse of other drug types.
The technique is used to detect and isolate specific sequences, measure homology, or define other characteristics of one or both strands
this invention relates to an improved process of preparing carvedilol, as well as a new crystalline hydrate and solvate and forms of carvedilol, processes for the manufacture thereof, and pharmaceutical compositions thereof.
Objective:To evaluate clinical usefulness of cystatin C levels in serum and urine in predicting renal impairment in normoalbuminuric patients with type 2 diabetes and to evaluate the association between albuminuria and serum/urine cystatin C. Methods:232 type 2 diabetic patients with normoalbuminuria,microalbuminuria and macroalbuminuria were enrolled.
influence of environmental estrogen on cell proliferation and apoptosis in T47D cells
The genetic origin, breeding progress, horiticultural activities, and storage and processing of 'Kuerle Xiangli (sweet pear)' are summarized, and the direction of technical study in the future, including cultivar molecular identification, fruit growth regularity and maturity mechanism, and deep processing, is put forward.
Conclusion The memory function of schizophrenia are affected by multifactorial and include long, short and instantaneous memory disorders and no relation with the duration of illness
Results All cases were followed up 2 months to 4 years.1case( 3. 03%) had wound infection in prophylaxis antibiotics group,6 cases( 3. 47%) also happened wound infection in no antibiotics group.The wound infection rate between groups was not statistically significant differences.
Fatality rates of maternal and perinatal mortality were 40. 00%(6/15) and 33. 33%(5/15) respectively.The patients with more complications experienced poor prognosis.
This paper describes the relevant surface features of hydrothermal aging samples of mulberry silk fabrics,uses attenuated total reflection-Fourier transform spectrum technique and infrared spectrum deconvolution fitting calculation technique to investigate the change of properties and structure of samples and utilizes X-ray diffraction technique to investigate the varying pattern of degree of crystallinity of samples.
The concentrations of CA50, AFP, CEA and β_(2m) G in serum and gastric juice were measured by means of radioimmulogic method for the patients with gastric carcinoma and the normal persons
The Observation of Lymphatic-vein Anastomosis in Rats Inflammational Nodes and Human Gastric Carcinoma Tissues;
Zirconium phosphate (α-Zr(HPO_4)_2-H_2O) is a kind of layered inorganic ion-exchangers, that is named as α-ZrP. In this thesis, the chiral amino compounds、 chiral 2-aminoalconol and 1, 1'-Binaphthyl-2, 2'-diol ligands were immobilized on the zirconium phosphonate framework, and the asymmetric addition of diethylzinc to benzaldehyde had also studied.
The humanized gene engineering antibody developed based on the gene sequence may have important application value in clinical target treatment of acute monocytic leukaemia and may be used in preparing medicine for treating acute monocytic leukaemia.
Methods The correlative analysis was conducted between the clinical data [gender,age,preoperative Glasgow coma scal(GCS) score,levels of blood glucose and C-ractive protein(CRP),hematoma volume,middleline shift,intraventricular hematoma] of 157 patients with basal ganglia hematoma and prognosis.
Results (1)The serum levels of IL 18 and Lp(a) were significantly higher in uremic patients than those in controls.
Contents of NO in plasma and pulmonary tissue homogenates of HH group were much lower than those of NC group(P<0.01), HP group higher than HH group(P<0.01).
such veterinary and human pathogenic protozoas are preferably intracellular active parasites of the phylum Apicomplexa or Sarcomastigophora ,
Effect of two kinds of sutures on pateients with palate cleft
R is a hydrogen atom, an alkyl group having 1 to 5 carbon atoms or a cinnamyl group, R is a hydrogen atom, an acetyl group, an ethylsuccinyl group or a nicotinoyl group,
Results Holler showed that the total effective rate in treatment group (77.78%) was higher than that in control group (75.61%, P > 0.05
similarly, CTL have been shown to be induced by culture PBMCs in that presence of keyhole limpet hemocyanin ( KLH ) and IL-7.
The complex formula comprises the following components in percentage by weight: 10-20% of glyceryl monostearate, 4-8% of polyglyceryl fatty acid ester, 5-15% of sodium carboxymethyl cellulose, 20-35% of sucrose ester, 4-8% of high-ester pectin, 2-5% of low methoxyl pectin, 20-30% of microcrystalline cellulose and 4-10% of sodium pyrophosphate.
Method of treatment or prophylaxis inflammatory pain
Analysis of factors related to helicobacter pylori cultivation and CagA gene detection from Hp related gastropathy patients
Meanwhile, besides the anticancer effect, those anticancer drugs also have anti-immune effect.
PSA-based screening for prostate cancer:A comparative analysis
Simultaneous Extraction of Glabridin and Glycyrrhizic Acid from Glycyrrhiza glabra L
An improved animal model of peritoneal dialysis mimiced human peritoneal dialysis
The adsorption configuration and molecular motion behavior of sodium polyacrylate (Na-PA) at Al2O3/water interface were investigated by using the electron spin resonance (ESR) combined with spin-labeling technique
1,6-Fructose-diphosphate supplement in treating patients with acute severe brain injuries
Significance of anti-HEV IgA detection in patients with acute HEV infection
Using two pairs of primers of gE gene, all ofthe amplifications of standard PRV MinA strain were positive, however,the primers can not amplify any fragment of PRV vaccine NIA3-783strain.
fifteen genetic lineages of the rice blast pathogen ( m. grisea ) were clustered based on their band paterns in the rflps haplotype measured by the rflp among 112 pathogen collected from four rice ecological growth regions in guangdong province. the diversity of blast pathogens in dna fingerprinting were closely related with the host genetic background of the host based on their affinity and adaptability in v * i interaction to blast.
Objective To explore the expressions of gastrin(Gas) and 5-hydroxy tryptamine(5-HT) in the gastric antrum of rats who go through heroin withdrawal and then relapse.
The improving degree did not increase proportionally. the adding amount increasing the elasticity value even decreased
Finite element analysis of changes in femoral stresses after Elite total hip arthroplasty
Device uses quantitative computed tomography (QCT) calibration technique to map CT values to bone mineral density estimates.
Nursing Care for Hepatoma By Treatment of Radio Frequency with Multi-bullet
Other applications include reduction of bacterial species with plasmids can be performed on animal facilities, e.g., on appropriate surfaces of the buildings and equipment where presence of harmful bacteria is undesirable.
matrix material ( e. g., agarose, alginate, microparticle ) with incorporated pcr reaction mixture is subsequently encapsulated ( figure 1 / 2 4 ).
Shown are representative blots for 5 mice per genotype group with similar results
A mass that increases in size or does not regress must be presumed to be neoplastic and should be removed surgically.
Involving, dependent on, or controlled by a single gene.
There were 3 cases of false negative for the localization by ultrasound. Nephromas were found to be 90.24% (74/82) .
Establishment of simultaneous pancreas and kidney transplantation mod els with portal venous drainage in pigs
The Basal and Clinical Study in the Chemotherapy Regimen of Cisplatin-based Chemotherapeutic Agents with Toremifene for NSCLC
Compliance with all 3 intensification regimens aeraged 61% (75/123). Patient-directed noncompliance occurred in 16 patients (13%).
The invention relates to antibacterial paper which comprises a first paper layer and a second paper layer which are arranged in a laminated way, wherein an antibacterial layer is arranged between the first paper layer and the second paper layer, and comprises a sticky substance and an antibacterial agent with an antibacterial effect and a sterilization effect; the sticky substance is used for fixing and sticking the first paper layer and the second paper layer; and the antibacterial agent is used for enabling the antibacterial paper to have the antibacterial effect.
so it is preferable to wait until a sufficiently dense layer of cellulose has been deposited on the nutrient medium.
Evidence-based Prevention for Dry Socket Following an Impacted Mandibular Third Molar Extraction
ConclusionRhonchus may be one of the reasons to cause DCVD and one factor of exacerbating the damage of valvular structure and its functional barrier
This secretor type is for the construction of the body constitution grain to create the condition for recombination protein that can be secreted.
Effects of Soybean Isoflavones on Antioxidative Action in Aged Rats
The expression of IL-1β was determined by ELISA.Results The relative magnitude expression of TM and EPCR mRNA in PQ(6 h),PQ(12 h),PQ(1d) and PQ(3d) subgroups were significantly higher as compared with the C group(P<0.05).The content of IL-1β in PQ group was higher than that in C group; The pathological scores of lung injury in PQ groups were significantly higher compared with C group.
Nitrendipine and 5 hydroxytryptamine in monocrotaline induced pulmonary hypertension
in vitro study of wear of an acrylic resin posterior denture tooth against resin and porcelain
Experimental study on serum potassium changes during compression transfusion of WBC removal whole blood
The hair follicle undergoes repeated cycles of periods of growth, regression, and rest throughout the life of mammals
Further, the regions in the peripheral circuit area other than the 1.8V NMOSFET regions 35d and the 1.8V PMOSFET regions 35e are coated with a resist pattern (not illustrated), and then the non-coated portions of the ONO film 13 in these regions are etched
Relationship between pit patterns of colorectal polypoid lesions classified by magnifying chromoendoscopy and expression of hMLH1 and hMSH2 proteins in colorectal mucosa
the protective effect of colostrum on neonate intestine
the present invention relate to compounds of formula ( A), as further define herein, having antiviral activity, more specifically HIV ( human immunodeficiency Virus) replication inhibiting 5 properties
Formation Mechanism and Properties of Epoxy/Clay Nanocomposites
these two-dimensional images may be all overlaid with a suitable mip, e.g. a mip which corresponds to the directions and the cardiac phase the fluoroscopy projections are taken.
Markers from pathways regulating cellular differentiation are also usable to distinguish cells in screening embodiments, in particular the wnt pathway and Notch pathway genes
deficiency of QI manifesting cold syndrome
In any case, the constituent materials at least of the cursor have to be chosen amongst those having a good resiliency in order to permit a displacement and a resilient deformation of the anterior 14a and posterior 14bportions.
Study of MTHFR Gene Polymorphism of Cerebral Infarction
Hence, heart rate alone may not provide a satisfactory physiologic control parameter.
MRI Diagnosis of Intradural Extramedullary Tumors
In such operation, the artificial ventricle 8 is therefore a driving one whereas the artificial ventricle 2 is a driven one.
Tracheoplasty and bronchoplasty by submucosal continuous suture with prolene in 59 cases
graft survival; GS
Chemical name ? L-Lysine aescinate (salt of amino acid L-lysine and saponin aescin).
ive correlation was found between plasma LPO and ra(?) io of TXB_2/6-ke. o-PGF_1α in diabetics with microangiopathy.
The data were obtained from an individual whose symptoms of GAD abated with treatment.
The new cotton variety Shikang 39 was selected from the transgenic hybrid cotton SGK321.
suitable promoter include, for example, first and second promoters that control transcription in different organelle ( e. g., plastids, nucleus, mitochondria ), cells, or tissues, or first and second promoter that control transcription under different times ( e. g., at different points of a circadian cycle ) or developmental periods, or first and second promoters that are induced differently by an inducer or are induced by different inducers.
Independently of these results, it recently has been suggested that surgeons should choose a lower operating table position for laparoscopic surgery than for conventional surgical procedures [1, 2].
A Serum Pharmacological Study on Activity of PmΦ of Yupingfeng Powders in Mice
TCM treatment of arteriosclerosis obliterans necrosis clinical observation of 150 cases
example 3: antidiabetic efficacy of oral compound dn in male db / db mice male db / db mice have a defect in the receptor for the appetite-regulating protein leptin and consequently develop hyperphagia, obesity, insulin resistance, hyperglycemia, and hypertriglyceridemia.
Keywords Gastric cancer Premalignant lesion Gastroscope;
METHODS: Whole cell patch clamp recordings were made from enzymatically isolated rat (7- 10 d ) superior cervical sympathetic ganglion neurons.
Conclusion The animal models have been established to study the functional reconstruction and have shown greal reproducibility, contributing to the investigation of stimulation parameters of oculomotor nerves
Conclusions Paraumbilical flap combined with distal sublobe pedicle flap and proximal anastomosis of vessels can successfully repair hot crush injury of the dorsum of hand with good appearance and function,meanwhile the method can finish seperating fingers by first intention and prevent scar formation.
Methods MSCs were derived from human umbilical cord Wharton’s jelly using a consecutive enzyme digestion method of both collagenase and trypsin.FACS analysis was done to access the phenotype of UC-MSCs.Moreover,the UC-MSCs were induced to differentiate into chondrocytes,adipocytes and neurons.
Secondly,Podocytes were treated with VEGF with or without PI3K inhibitor,wortmannin for 24h and analyzed the adhesive capacity of podocytes and ILK expression was analyzed.
Atherosclerosis ( AS) is presently one of the most harmful human diseases with highest morbidity
Diagnosis and treatment for 68 cases of peripheral vascular aneurysm
26. The composition of claim 25, where in the cancer is lung cancer.
Objective:Utilizing the dialectical philosophy to deal with chronic pulmonary heart disease in its acute stage of attack has good clinical sense to know Methods:In recent five years I have treated 325 patients.
Clinical outcomes in antihypertensive treatment of type 2 diabetes, impaired fasting glucose concentration, and normoglycemia: Antihypertensive and Lipid-Lowering Treatment to Prevent Heart Attack Trial (ALLHAT).
however, more recently, there have been some signs of stabilization and, in some cases, even a decrease in the abuse of certain drugs.
The infection rate was 2. 08% in the observation group,while it was 2. 27% in the control group after intervention treatment.There was no significant difference between the two group(P > 0. 05).
inform that patient of the importance of the training, stimulate the anal sphincter and rectum, functional train of the pelvic muscle, and plug the anus with tampons
This study is aimed to evaluate the immunogenicity of the active fragment of fibronectin-binding protein A(FnBPA) and to investigate the immunoprotective efficacy in a mouse sepsis model.
Due to the high price of 17O enriched water and in order to meet with success in making Be17O, 18O enriched water is used to make Be18O as a test.
The silicone hair conditioning agent can also comprise other ingredients, such as a silicone resin to enhance deposition efficiency.
An Experimental Study on the Hemorheological Characters in Patients with Chronic Prostatitis
For further improving the secretion expression of heterogeneous proteins, in this research, the signal sequences were studied.
The doctor's friendly manner helped the patient allay his fear
Effect of Puerarin on The Apoptosis of Vascular Smooth Muscle Cell and Correlation Genes Differential Display
2）Denotes the ratio between the intended volume of blood and liquid anticoagulant（e.g.,9 volumes of blood to 1 volume of citrate solution）。
Multiple Tumor Markers Protein Biochip in Detection of Lung Cancer and its Application Value
We can map out clear technical strategies for reducing deaths associated with pregnancy and childbirth
higher cells which are not provided with rigid cell walls, however, can generally only survive in solutions with a specific osmolarity.
The influence of BST concentration in precursor, pH value of the solution and spin speed on the formability of BST thin film was investigated by XRD, SEM and AFM.
The investigation on apoptosis of rat hepatic stellate cells induced by salvia miltiorrhiza
while the use of D-ribose for improving the function of skeletal and cardiac muscle is now well known , before this invention nothing was known of the effect of D-ribose on nerve function .
Because the data was normally distributed, the Student's t-test for related samples was used to assess the significance of the ICP dynamics.
MA was expressed in the cytoplasm and cytomembrane of the lymphoma cells
Under the optimal conditions,the bacterial biomass increased from 3. 30×1010 to 4. 42×1010 cfu/mL,an increase of 133. 9%.
Results showed, the positive rate of MDR1 expression was different in different medical treatment stage in ALL. The rate of MDR1 expression was 25% in initial treating patients. Complete remission rate (33%) was lower in MDR1 positive patients than that (92% P< 0.01) in MDR1 negative patients.
Results: The observation group blood loss,operative time,postoperative bleeding number of cases the incidence was significantly lower than the control group(P<0.05);6-month follow-up,the observation group tonsil debris,tonsillar fossa the scar significantly lower than the control group(P<0.05).
soak Curcuma rhizome for 24 hours, grin, sieving with 60 mesh sieve to obtain oversize product cellulose and screenings starch slurry, drying and recover cellulose;
Synthesis on acetic acid
CONSTRUCTION OF EUCARYOTIC EXPRESSION VECTOR OF CHINESE OBESE GENE
HPLC separation and analysis of fullerenes C 60 and C 70 were performed on chemical bonded stationary phase (DNAP-SP) with binary mixture mobile phases, such as 50%(V/V) benzenes and n hexane as a mobile phase.
Compare the effect of single short veno-venuous hemofiltration and intermittent short veno-venuous hemofiltration on cytokines plasma levels of severe acute pancreatitis patiens
The sturcuture of target compounds were characterized by MS,1H NMR and HPLC.
Subtraction: Subtract the mass of the protein, fat, moisture, ash and dietary fiber from the total mass of the food to get the mass of the carbohydrate.
Study on DNA damage of lymphocytes and immunotoxic mechanism of cadmium
The parasitic rate of the second generation egg, by progressive regression, was found to be most significantly related to the egg amount of the first generation (X 1),temperature-rain coefficient in June (X 2), the egg amount of the second generation (X 3), precipitation of first ten -day in July (X 4) and precipitation of second ten-day in July (X 5), in which X 1 and X 4 were the main affecting factors.
The material is a kind of water soluble,issued by ultraviolet light yellow fluorescent pigment.The bacterium separated from the green egg white can grow on the KB medium and produce yellow green fluorescent pigment.The bacterium is named as YGF-1 and identified as Pseudomonas genera by professional microbiological assay agency.
study of hospital infection of patient with cirrhosis
The mortality of scirpophageincertulas and cnaphalocrocis treated with azadirachtin were 72.2% and 85.7%, respectively, and the mortalities with avermectins were 66.0% and 80.1%, respectively. The control effects of azadirachtin and avermectins were as same as that of triazophoes. Biogenic pesticides including BT and Baibu were not suitable in crop protection.
If dispersed for 0.5 to 4.0 hours after blending, the coagulated conductive particles are broken up into primary particles, and the surfactant reaches adsorption equilibrium with respect to the surface of the conductive particles.
These compounds were characterized by UV-Vis, IR, 1H-NMR spectra, and the fluorescence spectrum and liquid crystal property of the compounds were also studied.
It is not too meaningful to determine pleural fluid LDH,TP and ALP in differentiation between tuberculous pleurisy and non-tuberculous pleurisy.
Study on Preparation and Properties of MgO·n Al2O3 Transparent Ceramics of Different Stoichiometries Condensed State Physics
Treatment of 829 cases of auricle burns
Objective To raise the survival rate of serious new borns and promote growth development through peripheral intravenous alimentation and nursing.
Results:In routine group,infusion volume was(2683±246)ml/d,urination was(2298±215)ml/d;
(3)We utilized OXD as buffer layer in anode and LiF in cathode in single layer MEHPPV PLEDs. And the efficiency and brightness was doubled. The results implied that aggregation of minority carriers at the interface may the role of blocking layer.
the amount and length of hydrophilic groups in the non-ionic surfactant or non-ionic surfactant mixture, should not be chosen too high relative the hydrophobic part of the surfactant or mixture as too much hydrophilicity will generally reduce the film forming properties of the dispersion.
Pollinated Dangshansu pear with Yuanhuang,yali,Matihuang’s pollen to research the hormonal rela-tionship of fruit development and changes of fruit mass.
Methods US-FNA was carried out in 36 cases of intrahepatic solid small nodule with the diameter less than 3. 0 cm which could not be determined by conventional ultrasound or CT examination.The tissues obtained were pathologically examined.Those patients diagnosed qualitatively as benign lesion received the regular follow-up by ultrasound or CT examination.
Objective To investigate the clinical value of ultrasound in ectopic pregnancy diagnosis and differential diagnosis.
Methods 215 cases of cervical spine fracture with cervical spinal cord injury had been treated by the method of anterior decompression,iliac bone graft and cervical locking titanium plate fixation.
Oral tablet with tofisopam as active ingredient, and application of oral tablet
Study of organ transplantation chimerism
This paper discrides that three strains have been selected from 202 strains after protoplast regeneration from antibiotic producing strain SH-62, the ability of producing antibiotics of three strains were 30% higher than that of strain SH-62. Also, the fermentation regularity about strain R-4 which has highest ability of producing antibiotics has been preliminary researched. Researching works focus on the efects of soluble O_2, pH, medium ingredients and period to the fermentation. The results of shaking fe...
The effects of the conditions,such as the amount of substances,the solid-liquid ratio(g:mL),the pH value,the extraction temperature,the extraction time,on the extraction efficiency were studied in PEG-(NH4)2SO4system and ethanol-(NH4)2SO4system.And the extraction efficiency of the two kinds of aqueous two-phase systems were compared.
Clinical and laboratory study of early nerve foot lesion after collagenase chemonacleolysis
Methods The sphenoid sinuses of 100(200 sides)subjects with normal nose and sinus were examined and observed by dual source computed tomography(DSCT) through three-dimensional reconstruction method.
CD14P looked the same in the urine as in the blood in patients with non-glomerular hematuria, urine to blood CD14P ratio was 0.8. There was a markedly higher CD14P in the urine than in the blood in patients with glomerular hematuria, urine to blood CD14P ratio was 13.6.
However,the growth and protein expression of the GS115-EH△cpy were both inhibited significantly.
Hydrochloric acid, sulfuric acid, alkyl sulfonic acids and aromatic sulfonic acids are usable herein.
Results demonstrated the level of α-amylase varied greatly between species.
dorsal artery of foot-right atrium 74.7±7.5 s(n=3);
The target protein prepared by the preparation method provided by the invention is high in expression quantity and easy to purify; the gene expression product is the target protein monomer and brings no extra amino acid residue, and thus the high biological activity of the target protein is ensured, and the multi-copy cleavage cost is saved; and the target protein is simple to purify and easy for mass production.
Application of Small Dose Bupivacaine-Fentanyl in Combined Spinal-Epidural Anesthesia for Clinical Observation on Transurethral Resection of Prostates
an aliquot of sperm was removed ( control ) from this sample, extended to 87 x 106 / ml in a skim-mild, egg yolk freezing extended ( 4 % glycerol; fr5 ), and allowed to slow cool to 5 c for 90 min before freezing in liquid nitrogen vapor.
In this study, tetragonal ZrO2(3Y) nanopowder was obtained by hydrothermal process, using the aqueous solution of the composite mineralizer K2CO3/KOH as a reaction agent, and was then characterized by XRD, TEM, BET, etc
To date, genetic analysis or molecular profiling of circulating tumor cells has predominantly been performed on tumor cells enriched through antibody-mediated isolation.
Objective To evaluate the high-gangerous factors about local leakage in CT pressure enhancement scanning,in order to prevent the incident of leakage and injuring patients.
Comprehensive therapy for delayed encephalopathy caused by acute carbon monoxide poisoning:a clinical observation of 36 cases
highly sensitive chemiluminescence(CL) probe, 2-methyl-6-(4-methoxyphenyl)-3,7dihydroimidazo pyrazin-3-one hydrochloride(MCLA) was applied to evaluate the production of O2-· and 1O2 in UVA induced lipid peroxidation in human peripheral lymphocytes
Reuslts: P27 expression was significantly lower and P27 was significantly higher in EC patients(P0.
Results Testicular cell apoptosis indexes(AI) in rats of the control group on the days 14,27and 40 were(7.41±1.97)%,(9.06±2.36)% and((8.58±1.64))% respectively, differences between these values being insignificant((P> 0.05
441 Thyroid hormone tablets are the standard treatment for permanent hypothyroidism. But the patient should take the medicine only as prescribed by his doctor.
This review mainly delineates the associativity of OX40 and Treg,as well as the regulatory mechanism of OX40/OX40L on infectious diseases evoked by pathogens such as virus,bacterias,fungus and parasites.
Clinical Analysis of Chronic Heart Failure in Elderly Hospitalized Patients: Change and Significance of TNF-a, IL-4, IL-8 and IL-10
in CPC/BMP group, at that 3rd week, new bone and many puerile osteocyte could be found on the surface or inside of CPC, which had been divided into many small part like islands, with bone forming;
inflammation of that spinal column
05).Conclusion Abdominal acupuncture can relieve the dysmenorrhea associated with endometriosis effectively, obviously lower the blood serum level of CA125.
For example, such fragments include but are not limited to: the F(ab').sub.2 fragments that can be produced by pepsin digestion of the antibody molecule and the Fab fragments that can be generated by reducing the disulfide bridges of the F(ab').sub.2 fragments.
Conclusion Integrated abdomen and wrist-ankle acupuncture can efficiently relieve pain and improve the lumbar vertebral function in treating lumbar disc herniation.
Conclusion: malnutrition play a key role in the occurring of Sarcopenia in elderly,but Amino acids and Conjugated Linoleic acid supplements can prevent and reduce the Sarcopenia symptoms.
Relation between Growth of Sweet Potato and Environment, Cultivation and Endogenous Hormones
one hundred to two hundred digital antibodies are coated in each single well in duplicate ,
Expression of p27 and Cyclin D1 in Keratinocyte- Derived Tumors
women migrant workers may face mandatory pregnancy tests followed by deportation if the test is positive; coercive abortion or lack of access to safe reproductive health and abortion services, when the health of the mother is at risk, or even following sexual assault; or absence of, or inadequate, maternity leave and benefits and absence of affordable obstetric care, resulting in serious health risks.
Clinical observation on artificial abortion with block anesthesia of isthmus uteri
Synthesis and Surface Active Properties of Rosin-based Carbamate Group-containing Quaternary Ammonium Salt Derivatives
Preferably, substantially all of the disaccharide units of the polysaccharide comprise ether linked glucopyranose molecules.
proceeding polyaddition reaction of medium product and diamine or polyamine compound to produce polyesterthiourea resin.
Graft copolymers B-2, B-3, and B-4, core-shell polymer compositions of the invention, were obtained in the same synthesis method as that of graft copolymer B-1, except that the amount of sodium dodecylbenzenesulfonate was changed to 0.200 parts by weight, 0.010 parts by weight, and 0.005 parts by weight, respectively.
Conclusions Intraportal hypothermic perfusion especially with PGE1 significantly ameliorates liver damage caused by extended hepatectomy performed under partial hepatopetal blood flow blockade.
In the paper, synthesis, clinical applications of Conivaptan hydrochloride were reviewed and drug prospects of conivaptan hydrochloride was described
Results The cirrhosis patients had a higher level of uncertainty in illness which was influenced by education level(P<0.05);
Preparation and Properties of V2O5 Thin Films Derived by Sol-Gel Process
Pinus densiflora an edificator of the zonal coniferous forest on Shandong Peninsula,maintains a high level of gene diversity within populations( H S =0.2680) and a low level of gene diversity among populations ( D ST =0.0095).
Since DNA templates were blunt-ended PCR products, they would not ligate to adaptors with sticky ends and thus were not amplified.
Results All patients were followed up for 3~180 months,and to assess outcome by Using Insall score system.Effect after 78 knees were excellent,good in 33 knees,12 knees can be,poor in 7 knees.
The base distribution in the structural genes of tRNA for Escherichia coli K12, the liverwort (Marchanta polymorpha) chloroplast and the chicken mitochondrial genome are obtained by stastisti- cal analysis. Analysis for E. coli reveals 24 conserved nucleotides, half of which are attributed to form tertiary hydrogen bounds; the average percentage of standard base-pairing in four stems of tRNA is 95%; among the non-standard base-pairing, the overwhelming majority is GU and it is concentrated in th...
The levels of IgE and Thl/Th2 type cytokine(IL-12, IFN-γ, IL-4) in the serum were detected by ELISA.the expressions of T-bet and GATA-3 mRNA in the spleen were measured by quantitative RT-PCR.
silence of that secondary target gene are then carried out use cells of a generated shRNA primary target clone
The effects of vinylacetate(VA)content of EVA on the mechanical properties and crystalline behaviour of the silicone rubber/EVA blends were studied.
Based on traditional bacterial inhibition ring test, this study approved the antimicrobial effect of propolis toothpaste, and it was one of the methods for exploring antimicrobial effect of propolis tootpaste.
the research on tissue segmentation for brainmulti-spectral MR image
To induce uveal melanoma cells apoptosis by mixed structure bcl-2 antisense oligodeoxynucleotides multidrug resistance
preferred hydrophilic polymers include hydroxypropyl cellulose, hydroxypropylmethyl cellulose, and polyvinylpyrrolidone.
Study on Interfacial Characteristics of Polyacrylamide Solutions
Biopsy of needle stereotaction under mammography in nonpalpable breast lesion
Conclusion: The application of mifepristone and misoprostol for therapy of missed abortion demonstrates advantages in safety,efficiency,simplicity and high success rate.It is worthy of being recommended in clinical practice.
They can also be used for purification and sterilization of water, biological, medical and pharmaceutical fluids, as a collector/concentrator for detection and assay of microbes and viruses, and also as a substrate for growth of cells.
Expression of bcl-2, bax and hepatocyte apoptosis in the liver tissues of hepatitis D patients
In an important aspect of the invention, the methods utilize a recombinase to facilitate integration of the antigenic and/or adjuvant expression cassette(s), or even the recombinase expression cassette, into the genome of the animal.
Post-operative rehabilitation device for patients with cervical spondylosis
Breast Cancer with VEGF Overexpressive and TIMP-1 Low-expression has High Potential for Tumor Invasion and Lymph Node Metastasis
Objective To study the inhibition on the expression of VEGF in tumor tissues of nude mouse model carried with human osteosarcoma by adenovirus mediated VEGF-siRNA, and provide basis for the study of osteosarcoma vessels targeting therapy
The species diversity index in Rhododendron simiarum was low with high variations among plots except Pielou index,and the variation patterns of species diversity are similar whichever the index is used.Generally,the order of the magnitude of species diversity was: shrub layer>tree layer>herb layer.
The results showed that the contents of Cl-,Na+ and K+ increased,the dissolved oxygen content and pH reduced at the late stage of disboned corrosion.At the same time,the corrosion current density increased,the charge transfer resistance(Rct) decreased,the protective corrosion product films were destroyed seriously,and pitting extent increased significantly.
When the pH value exceeds 13.5, the nuclei that are formed are too fine, and there is a problem that the reaction solution becomes a gel.
Conclusion The RWMA and myocardial infarction segments can be diagnosed correctly by CK combined with DTI in patients with myocardial infarction.
it was found that that effective energy transfer could occur between AO and R6G in the dodecyl benzene sodium sulfonate solution, Tris-HCl buff solution at pH=7.20. the fluorescence intensity of AO-R6G systems was diminish by proteins in alkalescence medium.
This subtype of muscarinic receptor is also found in neuronal tissues including the CEREBRAL CORTEX and HIPPOCAMPUS where it mediates the process of MEMORY and LEARNING.
study on fertility for different strains of Castanea Mollissima Blume pollen
The complication of the Nd-YAG laser group were scar proliferation(3 cases) and pigmentation(20 cases).The complication of the micro-incision of trimming and curettage group were hematoma(3 cases),skin necrosis(3 cases),skin superficial infection(2 cases) and scar proliferation(2 cases).
Discussion on the Factors Affecting the Content of Extractives in PA6 Chips
If any allergic reaction to Keflex occurs, the drug should be discontinued and the patient treated with the usual agents
include an active therapeutic agent within that gel material.
Karyotype Analysis of One Kind of Wild Avena sativa L
Methods:We determinated the content of Hyperine after colour reaction of AlCl3 and the samples.The detection wavelength was 405nm.
The e4 allele of the ApoE gene confers increased risk for late onset Alzheimer's disease
The effect of foundamental formulation change on burn rate was tested systematically by adjusting the contents of foundational composition of NC,NG and RDX in composite modified double base propellant.
the ointment has high permeability, anti-inflammatory and analgesic effect, and is effective for enhancing blood vessel function, alleviate muscle stress and fatigue, promoting blood circulation, relieving tissue edema and arthredema and tissue degeneration and degenerative joint disease, and improving joint mobilization
If after passage of a mole, the hCG titer is still positive a month later, persistent disease should be suspected
such state-of-the-art polymerization inhibitors include those taught in u. s. patent nos. 6,300, 533; 6,287, 483; 6,222, 080; and 5,659, 095, which patents are incorporated herein by reference.
in which a pap web is adhered to a creping cylinder use an adhesive composition comprising a blend of high and low molecular weight glyoxylated polyacrylamide, crosslinked polyaminoamide or polyaminoamide-epihalohydrin resin, or mixtures thereof
The analgesic compositions provide an extended release of the analgesic drug and an immediate release of the NMDA receptor antagonist.
The invention discloses a gas chromatography method for detecting the residual quantity of eight organophosphorus pesticides contained in soil (loamy soil, clay and sandy soil) with different textures, and the gas chromatography method realizes the qualitative and quantitive detection of the pesticide residues of acephate, omethoate, dimethoate, phorate, malathion, fenitrothion, isocarbophos and hostathion.
The control group fed with basal diets containing 0.08mg/kgSe, the testing group fed with basal diets adding 0.15,0.3,0.5,1mg/kg Se respectively
To observe the levels of VEGF and the subsets of dendritic cells,in hypertensive disorders complicating pregnancy(PIH),68patients with PIH,and 20normal pregnancy subjects were examined for the levels of serum VEGF by ELISA.
Protective Effects of aFGF and MaFGF on Acute Renal Failure of Rats in Vivo and in Vitro
The solid-phase extraction filler has a memory function to the stereo structure of basic orange II molecules, can realize the specificity, selective separation and enrichment of the basic orange II, is packed into the solid extraction column, can be used for detecting the selective separation, purification and enrichment of the basic orange II in sample extraction solution containing the basic orange II in foods, realizes high-sensitivity and high-selectivity detection for food samples containing the basic orange II, has stable recovery rate and small relative standard deviation and has the characteristics of simpler, quicker and more efficient operation and the like.
The product , 2- ( 6 - methoxy - 1 - benzofuran - 3 - yl ) ethanol , was obtained as a white oil and was pure enough to be taken to the next step without purification .
5. The vaccine of claim 1, wherein said fragment consists of an N-terminal region fragment of the HYR1 polypeptide.
Objective: To study the expression changes of bone morphogenetic protein-2(BMP-2) mRNA which were induced by occlusal trauma in spinal trigeminal nucleus caudalis(Vc) in rats.
This will provide further the academic evidence in radioiodine therapy for lung cancer.
any attempts which do not take into account the social realities and want to destroy unsuitable cultural traditions that violate womens right, can contribute in disorder and the weakening of the government.
the preparation comprise all clinically accepted preparation type suitable for oral administration
high risk factor of placenta previa and neonatal outcome
In group B,CR was 0 case,PR was 10 cases,SD was 8 cases and PD was 12 cases,the total effective rate was 33%,median anosia life span was 8.7±0.7 months,the 1 a survival rate was 17% and the side effects mainly were different degree bone marrow depression and digestive tract toxic reaction which could be relieved after symptomatic treatment.
Effect of ambroxol on the transportation of ampicillin/sulbactam into pulmonary in children
is mainly use for treating halitosis cause by intestinal and gastric diseases.
the synthetic method of penicillin antibiotic by enzyme catalysis is characterize by easily available and cheap raw materials, few reaction steps
total of 90 Han subjects was involved in the control group (38 male and 52 female, average age was 58.36 + 8.26
FIG. 4 shows the number of transformants obtained from 10 ng of an RCA amplified DNA sample by using recombination, digestion/ligation or no treatment
Phosphorus,nitrogen and potassium accumulation in maize plant increased by 41. 6%~366.6%,4.3%~143.7% and by 40. 3%~226.3%,respectively.
Expression of Polyprotein of Infectious Bursal Disease Virus in Bombyx mori
inversely transcribe 2 microgram of total RNA into cDNA;
the aminoalkyl group are that result of oxidative coupling reaction that employ amines in the process to produce the poly.
study on the resistance of transfected cells with hSOD gene to superoxide a_nion_induced cytotoxicity caused by paraquat and xanthine (X)/xanthine oxidase (XO) is carried out in this paper
Among these, from the viewpoint that the effect of suppressing secondary aggregation between coagulated latex particles is high, sulfonates, sulfate ester salts, and phosphate ester salts are preferably used, and sulfonates and sulfate ester salts are more preferably used.
The method according to claim 1, wherein the soluble substance is selected from an inorganic ion, an organic ion, an enzyme substrate or its reaction product, and a dye
Anatomical Studied on Leaf of Ginkgo biloba L.
Evaluation of Good and Bad Effects of HRT on Female Patients of Diabetes after Menopause
In the study, the human pancreatic kallikrein cDNA was synthesized and inserted into the plasmid pPIC9K to construct recombinant plasmid pPIC9K/hPK followed by linearizing by restriction endonuclease BglII. Then it was transformed into the host Pichia pastoris GS115 by eletroporation.
The Improving Management of Hospital Business Process Pattern in Nosocomical Infections Control by Means of Clinical Pharmacy Intervene Route
Conclusion:Liver-protecting tablets is a safe,effective treatment of antipsychotic-induced hepatic lesion.
Measurement and study on the vapor heat capacities of aceticacid--4-methyl-2-pentarione binary system
The epoxidation of vinyl esters is even more difficult than the epoxidation of allyl esters
Also, the carbohydrate antigen separated by nitrous acid develops from the functional site 1' to the functional site 1, the antigen is then brought into contact with a neutralizing reagent, and the pH level of the developing suspension is adjusted to a neutral region.
The Study of Blood Pathology of the Cow Mastitis
the subfascial endoscopic perforate vein ligation in that aged with chronic low extremity varicose ulceration
that is, that range of motion in which the spine stabilize 10 provides the great resistance to movement, is adjustable at the time of surgery to suit the neutral zone of each individual patient.
Effects of EGR-1 gene transfection on the expression of TGF-β and PDGF-B in mouse glomerular mesangial cells under high glucose
Antibioctic-Resistance and Plasmids of Escherichia Coli in Food
This article discusses the patterns of phosphine, the directions for uses, the correlation of CT product with insecticidal rate and sealing. Phosphine is used widely allover the wor…
This paper introduces the newest progress of the research on the bio-computer and the application of the DNA computer in diagnosing and curing the diseases, and points out that the further development of the bio-computer needs some important breakthroughs in the critical techniques of DNA macromolecules, and DNA applied system, etc
Influence of Hemodialysis on Its Complications and Fatality Rate of Acute Renal Failure
Fundamentally treats rheumatism disease syndromes, treats both principal and secondary aspects of diseases and has obvious treatment effect.
Detection of HSV-DNA in Patients with Recurrent Aphthous Ulcers by the polymerase Chain Reaction
Methods TAE using gelform or polyvinyl alcohol(PVA) particles of forty-one patients with intractable epistaxis were undertaken by the femoral artery approach, through selective catheterization of involved maxillary artery or the bleeding arteries for the stopage of bleeding
Methods:97 patients with rectal carcinoma underwent IORT with 10~30Gy by 9~16MeV elect ro n beam to the tumor bed and local lymphatic regions.
Results After treatment for two weeks,significant differences could be observed in symptom scores between Chinese medicine group and pure cream matrix group(P 0. 05).The efficacy index of Chinese medicine group and hydrocortisone group were over 50 %.
To improve the treatment level of complicated renal calculi.
It was difficult to confirm the role of sperm membrane protein during mammalian fertilization and embryogenesis for the multiple configuration and lack of purified protein of sperm membrane proteins
Effects of 5-HT_2 receptor antagonist cyproheptadine on unilateral brain ischemia in gerbils
. copolymers of the monomers mentioned under 9 ) with each other or with other unsaturated monomers, for example acrylonitrile / butadiene copolymers, acrylonitrile / alkyl acrylate copolymers,
in ord to obtain more satisfied anabolic steroid, ten compounds of 17α alkyl 3, 6 dioxygenated androstanes were prepared from 3β acetoxy androst 5 ene 17 one ( 1 ) through that reaction of Grignard, oxidation and reduction. the anabolic effects of these compounds were tested.
the preparation method of that low-swelling sulphonation polyimide proton exchange membrane adopt the steps that novel diamine monome with terminal sulfonic acid alkyl branched chain is obtained through friedel-acrafts acylation reaction, polycondensing and ether becoming reaction and sulfurous acid displace reaction, then the novel diamine monomer and aromatic dianhydride monomer generate reaction, polyimide copolymer with sulfonic acid alkyl branched chain is obtained and dissolved in N-methyl-2-ketoyrrolidine, finally the solution is poured on a glass flat plate and coated in a flow-casting way, the vacuum drying operation is performed, and the low-swelling sulfonated polyimide proton exchange membrane is obtained
Immobilization of Neutral Proteinase onto Amine-terminaled Magnetic Particles
A positive resist composition includes a resin component (A) that exhibits increased alkali solubility under the action of acid, and an acid generator component (B) that generates acid upon exposure, wherein the resin component (A) is a mixture of a copolymer (A1) that includes a structural unit (a1) derived from an acrylate ester that contains an acid-dissociable, dissolution-inhibiting group, a structural unit (a2) derived from a methacrylate ester that contains a lactone-containing monocyclic group, and a structural unit (a3) derived from an acrylate ester that contains a polar group-containing polycyclic group, and a copolymer (A2) that has a different structure from the copolymer (A1) and has a lower hydrophilicity than the copolymer (A1).
26 cases operated because of the ineffectiveness for conservative medical treatment were cured and discharged from hospital.
The crude product is purified by chromatography (silica gel, ethyl acetate: hexane 1:2
Study on Correlation between Molecular Genetic Distances of Parents and Heterosis in Indica Rice;
It finds particular application in the transfer of patient responsibility, or hand-off between care givers, but it can also be used in a preclinical or research monitoring setting.
In real-time PCR, fluorescently labeled probes or DNA binding fluorescent dyes are used for detection and quantification of a PCR product, thus allowing quantitative PCR to be performed in real time.
objective: Goal Through will utilize the diet support therapy to the diabetes nephrosis patient, sharpens its disease - resistant ability, will promote the patient soon to be restored to health.
Postoperative parameters were compared between the two groups.
study on separation and purification of total vanillin by adsorb resin
For instance, when swallowing, the tongue moves in an anterior direction and elasticity may prevent arousal from sleep and further may avoid migration of the magnet 62 or soft ferrormagnetic material 66.
Application of Orthogonal Experiment in Tissue Culture of Cortex Phellodendron
Microbial and Enzymatic Hydrolysis of Nitriles in Organic Synthesis
Study on Adsorption Kinetics of the Chelate Compound of Chitosan with Ferric Ions
The invention relates to a novel technique for amplifying a nucleic acid sequence, in particular to a method for amplifying a target nucleic acid sequence at a constant temperature by using a cross primer.
had sex with patients, sean. I
The results show that the viscosity of modified suspension appear a significant change from the unmodified system, but the viscosity of the suspending system decrease with the rising of its shear rate, even after the mica powder is modified or the environmental temperature is changed
Representative results of a patient (case 005) in the level 2 group
An I.V. infusion or blood collection apparatus comprises an I.
In one group of experiments, the rings were incubated with Lh-[1, 2,4]oxadiazolo[4,3-a]quinoxalin-l-one (ODQ) (1μM, a soluble guanylyl cyclase inhibitor) for 30 min prior to the contraction by phenylephrine and relaxation responses were obtained.
for any of the alleles,
Typical pharmaceutical compositions and dosage forms comprise one or more carriers or excipients.
investigation on that postoperative effect of peripheral iridectomy for angle-closure glaucoma
Note its multilobed nucleus and its comparatively giant cell size. (Remember that the other giant cell of bone, the osteoclast, has multiple separate nuclei.
However, it is to be understood that pharmaceutical dosage units containing Tal, pegylated interferon and an antiviral agent may be formulated in any suitable manner, utilizing any suitable pharmaceutically acceptable carrier (e. g., saline or water for injection), for administration by any suitable route.
The results showed that the materials had antibacterial effect on the tested eight microbes which are Trichoderma, Rhizopus, Aspergillus flavus, Aspergilla niger, Aspergillus oryzea and Saccharomyces Cerevisiae., while sanguinarine had far more strong and extensive antibacterial effect and the MIC were much lower than 40 ug/ml.
STUDIES ON THE SOLID STATE REACTION OF COORDINATION COMPOUNDS ¢ú¢ú¢ú¢ö. THE INTERACTION OF K_2Ni(CN)_4 WITHACIDIC SUPPORTS
in particular to that method for collect sperm of primates of macaque.
Analysis of results of sample surveys of blood for clinical use in Hunan Province from 1997 to 2001
18 . an aldehyde mixture comprising : 2-isopropyl heptanal ; 2-propyl heptanal ; 2-propyl-5-methyl hexanal ; 2-propyl-4-methyl hexanal and 2-isopropyl-4- methyl hexanal containing at least 20 % 2-propyl heptanal and wherein the ratio of the combined amount of 2-isopropyl heptanal and 2-propyl-5- methyl hexanal to the combined amount of 2-propyl-4-methyl hexanal and 2-isopropyl-4-methyl hexanal is at least 0.3 .
Treatment of dermatomyositis with medium-dose glucocorticoid and high-dose intravenous immunoglobulin: two case report
Effects of Bi-Zhong-Xiao Decoction on Annexin-1 expression in synovium of Collagen-Induced Arthritis rat
HsTnT value in the coronary group was correlated to Gensini score (r=0. 418, P=0. 034).
There is provided a method for coating fine particles with lipid membrane, characterized in that, the rate of a polar organic solvent in an aqueous solution containing the polar organic solvent where the fine particles are dispersed and lipid is dissolved, is decreased.
Ultrasound-guided percutaneous radiofrequency ablation for benign and malignant liver tumors
The present paper reports the measurement of 125I-T4 and 125I-T3 speei-fie activity by radioimmunoassay and self-displacement methods. Aoccurate result is obtained.
The change of content of myelin basic protein (MBP) in serum and CSF of the patient with severe head trauma were studied.
As well reporter genes such as fluorescent proteins can be introduced into the host cells along with the nucleic acid sequence of interest, in order to determine the efficiency of transformation.
Method for separating and purifying endogenous active strains in kelp
Objective To investigate the characteristics,treatment and prognosis of thrombocytopenia application intro-aortic balloon pump treating acute myocardial infarction patients.
The polymer wrer studied by FTIR, 1HNMR, DSC, Xray diffraction
The sweetening agent is sequentially selected from one or more of sucrose, xylitol and fructose according to the requirement of sweetness.
Clinical application of Nimotop in the primary injury of brain stem
influence of carbon nanotube structure on that electrochemical property of PVA-derived carbon coated Si/carbon nanotube composite
Objective To investigate the effect of the level of HB-EGF in serum on instent restenosis after CHD stenting.
Clinical study of botulinum toxin type A in treating hemifacial spasm
Summary of Revamp and Upgrade of Extraction Phosphoric Acid Plant from 15 kt/a to 75 kt/a
Di-region theory,one mechanism of chemical carcinogens,pointed out that environmental carcinogenic agents were metabolized into a specific bi-functional alkylation agent,then induced DNA interstrand cross-linking and final caused cancer.
A study on the effects of cysteinyl leukotriene receptor antagonist and corticosteroid on the expression levels of matrix metalloproteinase-2 in asthmatic mouse models
Depending on the chemical nature and the biological stability of the therapeutic agent, additional strategies for protein stabilization may be employed
In such solid dosage forms, the selective dopamine D4 receptor agonist is mixed with at least one inert, pharmaceutically acceptable excipient or carrier such as sodium citrate or dicalcium phosphate and/or a) fillers or extenders such as starches, lactose, sucrose, glucose, mannitol, and silicic acid; b) binders such as carboxymethylcellulose, alginates, gelatin, polyvinylpyrrolidinone, sucrose, and acacia; c) humectants such as glycerol; d) disintegrating agents such as agar-agar, calcium carbonate, potato or tapioca starch, alginic acid, certain silicates, and sodium carbonate; e) solution retarding agents such as paraffin; f) absorption accelerators such as quaternary ammonium compounds; g) wetting agents such as cetyl alcohol and glycerol monostearate;) absorbents such as kaolin and bentonite clay; and i) lubricants such as talc, calcium stearate, magnesium stearate, solid polyethylene glycols, sodium lauryl sulfate, and mixtures thereof.
Effects of different factors on extraction ratio of polyphenol from Mulgedium tataricum were studied by orthogonal experimental design,and antioxidant activities of the extracts were also determined.
the host molecule of the inclusion complex is preferably a cyclodextrin .
an anatomic model data memory with anatomic model data stored therein, the anatomic model data representing anatomic model component positions of anatomic model components of an atomic model,
Researeh of changes of endocrine hormones in mammary cancer and hyperplasia of mammary glands.
Four antigenic domains, A to D, have been identified on E2. On the basis of neutralization and conservation, domain A is divided into subdomains A1, A2, and A3. Subdomain A1 is conserved in different CSFV strains and the MAbs of the A1 are neutralizing.
this time a dose of light is administered completely fixing the sections of the medium with the diffractive structures .
The system comprises several optical fibres inserted at selected positions in the tissue to be treated and/or diagnosed, such as cancer tissue.
Exemplary active agents that are suitable for delivery from a controlled release capsule and may be incorporated into a liquid active agent formulation are also detailed in'572 Patent, the'280 Patent, and the'036 Application.
It is designed specifically for feeding rapidly growing premature or low-birth-weight infants.
intra arterial
18-day-old chick embryos were used to establish the method for isolation and primary culture of the chick intestinal epithelial cell(IEC).
Dissection handpiece with aspiration means for reducing the appearance of cellulite
Fermentation of lactic acid bacteria in mixed vegetable juice
the papillary necrosis occurred unilaterally and was located at the tip of the renal papilla. the tubular injury was characterized by multi focal tubular atrophy that affected mainly the proximal portions of the nephrons. an increase in minimal to moderate chronic interstitial inflammation, often coinciding with the tubular atrophy, was also noted in dogs of the mid - . and high-dose groups.
Results ELISA results showed that plague component vaccine could induce high titer of anti-F1 and anti-rV IgG in the serum,and low titer of anti-F1 IgA could be detected.
Objective]The aim was to study the brewing technology of apple brandy
the survival rate of Hartmann's operation was 27% ( 3/11), that average survival span were 14 months in upper rectal and hepatic arterial catheter chemotherapy group and 10 month in groups that could not be treated surgically
A planting method for controlling eggplant successive cropping obstacles includes the following steps of planting eggplant previous crops, namely, rice, wheat and garlic, conducting sunlight sterilization and disinfection on soil in the daytime for three days after the previous crops are harvested, preparing fermentation broth for controlling continuous cropping, spraying the fermentation broth on the soil with the spraying amount from 30kg per mu to 45kg per mu, soaking seeds through biogas slurry, and spraying the fermentation broth for controlling the continuous cropping for the second time.
The effect on Micronucleus Rate of Peripheral Blood Erythrocyte of a Few Varieties of Freshwater Fish Induced by Cadmium
Wth the myocardium ischemia increased (4W6w and 8w after placing Ameroid constrictors), the %AII increased gradually, theincreased magnitUde of %AII from 2w to 4w was highest.
Note that the ultrasonic wave jelly prevents a gap from being generated between the soft tissue 11 and the contact face 2a, and an acoustic impedance is matched between the contact face 2a and the soft tissue 11 to suppress the ultrasonic wave which is transmitted from the ultrasonic transmission dedicated transducer 21 or the array transducer 22 from being reflected on the surface of the soft tissue 11.
-1. The second antigen may be bound in an inactive form by the second antibody antigen binding site and released in an active form on binding of the first antigen to the first antibody antigen binding site.
Progress of CT-guided radiofrequency in therapy of chronic pain
The cells were washed with PBS once, and reacted with 0.2% Triton X-100 (in PBS) for 10 min, followed by washing with PBS once.
significance of ov expression of DcR_3 gene in peripheral blood mononuclear cells of that patient with idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis
The antifungal rate against Alterharia alternate was 100% when the concentration of berberine was 15 mg/ml,while that was 100% against Fusarium culmorum when the concentration of berberine was 20 mg/ml.
Influence of trifluoperazine (TFP)、ABA on induced-protein of wheat seedlings and suspended culture cells
Dynamic Analysis on Camptothecin Yields in Branches and Leaves from Different Strains of Camptotheca acuminata in Field Condition
Expression of Cancer-Testis Antigen Gene OY-TES-1 in Primary Brain Tumor
in this way it is possible to decode that base sequence of the nucleic acid molecule of inter.
providing a single monitor, such as an ecg, to monitor heart rate may result in the sedation and analgesia system having a low specificity, where if the single monitor provides spurious data,
A fluorescence microscope observation on self and cross-pollination of pollen tubes in Camellia oleifera
Clinical analysis of the metabolic disorder in 66 cases of type 2 diabetes mellitus with obesity
The apoptosis rate was significantly higher in CsA-treated groups than that in the alcohol group(P<0.01).The expression rate of Bcl-2 oncoprotein was significantly lower in CsA-treated groups than that in the alcohol group(P<0.
The rat models of brain injury were produced by instant lateral head rotation by 90°.
Each nucleotide comprises a common cyclic sugar molecule, which is linked by phosphate group to the sugar of the adjoining nucleotide, and one of the different cyclic substituants called bases.
Objective: To investigate the effect of β -carotene ( β -c), vitamin E (VE) and C (VC) supplementation on cognitive function, ATPase activity, and levels of plasma β -amyloid protein, estradiol and testosterone as well in the old people.
Estrogen sensitive cancers are also known as ER+(estrogen-receptor positive) and are referred to by others as progesterone-receptor positive (PR+).
Analysis of the pathogenesis of postmenopausal bleeding in 236 cases
The P allele and A allele in the frequency distribution of GDM group and normal control group were 96. 2 %, 91. 7 % and 3. 8 %, 8. 3 %, respectively.
in the case of conveying an emergency patient in the night, the conveyance cannot be easily prosecuted due to such a structural weakness, and thus the patient may suffer a fatal influence due to a delay.
the composition is mixed with a pH-adjusting agent such as dextrose and with an infusion or diluent comprising a solution of disodium hydrogen phosphate, sodium dihydrogen phosphate, and sodium hydroxide at the time of use to prepare a solution for intravenous administration of WAP-8294A2.
in general, such an agonist has an EC50 value of less than 1 micromolar, preferably less than 100 nanomolar, and more preferably less than 10 nanomolar within that assay provide in example 6.
Conditions of all patients were improved after treatment by taking antithyroid drugs.
The Role of Macrophage-secreted Apolipoprotein E in the Metabolism of VLDL Subfractions
RESULTS& CONCLUSION: Partial dopamine receptor agonist is effective and safe for schizophrenia
Preferably, after the isolated epithelium from the region of the taste papillae (one or more of circumvallate, foliate, and fungiform papillae) is transferred to the culture vessel with medium, the isolated epithelium is minced using appropriate tools, for example surgical blades, to provide a mixture that comprises intact taste buds as well as partially dissociated taste buds.
an extraction method for nucleic acid from biologic samples, in biologic samples contacts with amine interfactant-containing reagents so that nucleic acid in biologic samples and amine interfactants can form a complex. Here, amine interfactants have a common formula R1R2R3N(O)x as is shown in formula (I);
A heterologous promoter is preferred, however, if it permits greater transcription and higher yields of the expressed protein as compared to the native promoter, and if it is compatible with the host cell system that has been selected for use.
Nursing treatment observation on the new method of pressing the pin hole after vein infusion for elderly patient
1b) blocking of receptors for vascular growth factors on target cells with antibodies directed against the receptors
A Clinical Observation of Controlled Release Morphine Sulphate (CRMS) for Pain Relief in Patients with Advanced Cancer
Significance of apo E gene polymorphism in the elder's metabolic syndrome and nonalcoholic fatty liver
in other embodiment, that digestible coating when digest may reveal underlying indicia printed on the carrier, for example the word" protease" or an abbreviation such as" P
These infections are treatable: it is estimated that 60 per cent of ARI deaths can be prevented by the selective use of affordable antibiotics.
Studies on Synthesis and Properties of Waterborne Acrylic Resin and Waterborne Polyurethane Both Modified by Epoxy Resin
METHOD: Sepsis model of NIH mice was established successfully by intraperitoneal injection of suspension of Klebsiella isolated from clinical practice.
Totally 255 women over the age of 50 were divided into three groups by ages:group A(n=156, aged under 65 years old), group B(n=55, aged between 66 and 75 years old), and group C(n=44, aged over 75 years old
Application of Conners Parent Symptom Questionnaire in preschooler mental problem screening
There were a 2.68 times higher risk in Val/Val genotype subgroups than that in Ile/Ile genotype subgroups for hepatocellular carcinoma.
the non-pathogenic microorganism or virus is administered only once to the animal ,
According to the determination result of glycosylated hemoglobin for low value group(HbAlc10.1%).
a medicinal composition for treating syndrome in front of screens, visual fatigue and dry eye syndrome and application thereof, belongs to the field of Chinese medicament.
Pharmacologic therapy for neuropathic bladder in spinal cord injury
Results The CD133 antiserum we made could detect both overexpressed myc-CD133 and endogenous CD133 efficiently by Western blot.Immunohistochemistry indicated that the CD133 polyclonal antibody can label CSCs in GBM sections.
the proces technology processes for purification are a serie of various chromatography procedures ( e. g., adsorption chromatography, ion-exchange chromatography, reversed phase or reverse-phase high-pressure chromatography or combinations thereof) in some case in a number of stages using different support materials, in some cases with subsequent crystallization, that actual purification being achieved by chromatography
this invention discloses an improvement of the process for preparing tartaric acid by the epoxidation of maleic acid with high-concentration hydrogen peroxide under the catalysis of tungstic acid.
Fig. 1 shows a section through a spinal column 9 and the apparatus 8 which is used for the cutting.
further according to the present invention there is provided a method of preventing or treating AIDS , the method is effected by administering to a subject in need a therapeutically effective amount of a peptide derived from an N terminus portion of aS 1 casein .
Firstly , the modular NFA algorithm divides the original images into modular sub-images.Secondly , the NFA method is employed to extract the features of the modular sub-images.
the length from the anterior border to the tubal orifice is 11mm. and from tubal orifice to the posterior border is 7mm. The distance from the hare to the anterior border of nasopharynx is 55mm.
Methods Twenty goats were randomized into four groups: ischemia/reperfusion group (IR group, n=5), IPC group (n=5) ,DEP group (n=5) and 5-HD+IPC group(n=5), Goat hearts were subjected to 60 minutes of ischemia, followed by 90 minutes of reperfusion(RP).
study of two mas loading effect phenomena ofa dynamic system
TCM syndroms include Yin deficiency and heat excess syndrome (YDHES, 28), Qi and Yin deficiency syndrome (QYDS, 35), Yin and Yang deficiency syndrome (YYDS,21).
substitute Imidazo[2, 1-b]thiazole compounds and use thereof
Another aspect of this invention provides a vaccine composition comprising an immunologically-effective amount of one or more of the peptides of this invention and a pharmaceutically acceptable carrier.
Application of Embolization of the Gastroduodenal Artery in Chemoembolization of Liver Cancer
15. The method of claim 14, wherein said fetal disorder comprises a fetal chromosomal aberration.
suitable absorbent polymers for purposes of the subject invention include cross-linked polymers of unsaturated molecules, ( co ) polymerized unsaturated molecules, graft ( co ) polymers of one or more unsaturated molecule on an appropriate graft base, cross-linked cellulose ethers or starch ethers, natural products, for example guar derivatives, which can be swollen in aqueous liquids and which may be in chemically modified form, and combinations thereof.
Conclusions The full course vaccination rate and the level of anti-HBs of children aged between 1 and 15 years in Zhuzhou are both high.But it is still necessary to further improve hepatitis B vaccine inoculation rate and the timely first dose injection rate,as well as to explore the suitable immune strategies for the low/non-response population so as to improve the immunity level of the population.
As an alternative, the hydrophilic bioactive component 12 may be optionally dissolved or dispersed in one or more solvents, such as water, a nonpolar solvent, a polar solvent, or any combination of any of these.
( 3) Syndrome differentiation- based treatment: Medicines should be given according to viscera-bowel deficiency and excess,the stage of disease,and upper,middle,or lower energizer,and combined internal and external therapy should be considered.
The evaluation criteria were shown as follows: (1) excellent: no recurrence during the treatment; (2) improved: occasionally recurrence with less lesions, decreased symptoms and shorter recovery period or longer recurrence interval; (3) ineffective: no significance change in symptoms, lesions and recurrence cycle.
NNE; non-neuronal enolase
the lithium ions are intercalated into an anode active material such as carbon particles,
TUBB3 and ERCC1 expression levels are correlated with chemosensitivity to platinum and anti-microtubule reagents in human lymphoma cell lines
Disclosed herein is a method of treating therapeutically, or metaphylactically infected animals susceptible to, or infected animal suffering from parasitic neurologic or abortigenic diseases such as Sarcocystidiae or Toxoplasmosis that are treatable with triazineone compounds by administering thereto a pharmaceutically effective amount of the compound, including a single high dose therapeutic treatment.
the invention belongs to the technical field of genetic engineering, relating to a target multifunctional anti-embolism fusion protein an amino acid sequence of which is as shown in SEQ ID NO.1.the invention also relates to a gene for encoding the fusion protein, a recombinant expression vector containing the gene, a transformant containing the recombinant expression vector and a method for preparing the fusion protein.
CLINICAL APPLICATION OF THE NEW SHORT SPINAL FIXATION INSTRUMENT FOR TREATING LUMBAR SPONDYLOLISTHESIS
AgNORs quantitative assessment of cancer cell populations in vesicular nucleus cell carcinoma of the nasopharynx
Influence of Shenshuai Capsule on Renal Tissue Apoptosis of Rats with Chronic Renal Failure
The LC50 value by inhalation administration was 10 100mg/m3 P-DCB in mice. The LD50 values by dermal administration were in excess of 5 000mg P-DCB /kg in both rat and mice. The MLD value by dermal administration was in excess of 5 000 mg P-DCB/kg in rabbit.
These nutrients are naturally fermented with live probiotics in an organic media
The invention belongs to the field of Chinese medicaments, in particular to the field of Chinese medicaments for treating multiple kinds of arthritis.
The method of the invention can obtain overall-length human cytochrome c with the purity of more than 98%.
quantitative HPLC method for sesamol, sesamin and sesamolin in sesame oil samples was established in this paper. The sample of sesame oil was pretreated by chromatographic column packed with Kieselgel 60 and separated in the Agilent C18 column with the mobile phase of CH4O-H2O(70:30, V/V
At 60, 120, 180, 240 and 300 minutes following injection the rats were from the tail vein.
Future Direction of Vascular Medicine:Global Vascular Disease Management
3D mapping of cerebrospinal fluid local volume changes in patients with hydrocephalus treated by surgery preliminary study
However, there is overwhelming evidence in some malignancies that the tumor clone is heterogeneous with respect to proliferation and differentiation
Objective To improve the diagnostic and therapeutic levels of congenital choledochocyst
The maximum adsorption capacity of the temperature-responsive molecularly imprinted polymer hydrogels reaches up to 6. 35 mg/g,which is 3. 66 times for that of non-imprinted polymer hydrogels.
Results:①Expression level of PCNA and P53 was significantly associated with response to chemotherapy(P < 0.05
The xylanase SoxB is a protein with an amino acid sequence shown as sequence 4 in a sequence table.
Chiral Separation of Trimebutine Maleate by Using Affinity Capillary Electrophoresis with Human Serum Albumin
In one embodiment, a host cell is a eukaryotic cell, for example a mammalian cell such as Chinese Hamster Ovary (CHO) cell.
The phosphors are well-known compounds and can be prepared by conventional methods by solid-state diffusion synthesis or also by wet-chemical methods (see William M. Yen, Marvin J. Weber, Inorganic Phosphors, Compositions, Preparation and optical properties, CRC Press, New York, 2004, or WO 02/054502).
The expression of Bcl-2 and c-Jun protein and bcl-2 and c-jun mRNA were investigated with immunocytochemistry,RT-PCR and in situ hybridization.
A study on mechanism for resistance of carbapenems in Acinetobacter baumannii
After completion of the reaction, centrifugation (3,000 rpm, 10 minutes) was carried out and protein degradation products in the supernatant liquid were quantitatively determined according to the Folin-Lowry method (O.H.Lowry et al., J.Biol.Chem., 19, 265(1951)).
For protein, DNA sequence alignment to support the dual-sequence or multiple sequence alignment right.
[Conclusion] Tetracycline,ciprofloxacin,ceftriaxone,norfloxacin,Xianfengsai,Xianfengbi,amikacin should be firstly used to treat V. fluvialis in clinic.
Methods Compare the bleeding amount,surgery time and atelectasis at the early time post-surgery between 60 cases who had VATS and 60 cases who had small incision at oxter.
The recombinant vaccine can be used for prevention and treatment of tuberculosis with better immunological effects than BCG.
Influence of elevated atmospheric CO_2 on rhizosphere microbes and arbuscular mycorrhizae.
c) culturing the cells in a neuronal induction media;
Construction of an ethanologenic Escherichia coli strain expressing β-glucosidase
(i) The Chief of the Department of Preventive Cardiology of the Institute of Cardiology and Cardiovascular Surgery was invited by the Inter-American Society of Hypertension to participate in a meeting of the Consortium for Southeastern Hypertension Control entitled “XIVth Annual National Scientific Sessions”, held in May 2007 in the United States, but was denied a visa.
(1) atom transfer radical polymerization is utilized to synthesize bromopolystyrene,
(B) from 0.2 to 2 percent by weight, based on the total amount of components (A), (B) and (C), of a component consisting of one or more polymers or copolymers that each have an epoxy value of at least 3 equivalents per kilogram
The Complex Nasal Deformities and Rhinoplasty
Effect of the Water Portion of Alcohol Extract of Codonopsis Lanceolate against CP-induced Mutation
The Study of the Genetic Variation and T Cell Response of Hepatitis C Virus Non-structural 3 Region
Intraoperative autotransfusion in patients with hepatic and splenic injuries
One example is fabA, which encodes 3-hydroxydecanoyl-ACP dehydrase, responsible for the introduction of a double bond into the growing fatty acid chain at the point where unsaturated and saturated fatty acid biosynthesis diverges (Cronan Jr.J.E.and Rock.C.O.(1987)).
Results As far as the the changes of symptoms and scores of chronic inflammatory severity were concerned,after the therapy,rabeprazole group and united group were better than rebamipide group.
Plate Anterior Fixation System in Thoracolumbar Spine Injuries
A study protocol for clinical pathways based on integrative medicine for patients with acute myocardial infarction
Methods: The cDNA of BMP-2 type Ⅱ receptor was transfected into NIH3T3 cells by using FuGENE6 Transfection Reagent Kit.
Observation of Anatomical Structures on Portal Vein of Hepatic Segments by Three-Dimensional Reconstruction by Helical CT
shutt 34 fundamentally serves to control that delivery of the therapeutic light
Genetic polymorphism of rDNA-ITS2 of Schistosoma japonicum and Paragonimus skrjabini
There were significant correlation between plasma CHO and TG concentrations, and very significant correlation between plasma CHO and HDL, LDL, PL concentrations, significant correlation between TG and LDL, VLDL concentrations, significant correlation between DHL and LDL, PL concentrations, very significant correlation between LDL and PL, VLDL concentration.
The bone fixation elements 22A-D can be implanted into the posterior region of the spine, or any suitable alternative region of the spine, for instance into the pedicle or other spinal region.
The establishment of the method to detect anti-Sa antibody in serum by western blot
Results: The pain symptom of 17 cases is all disappear after operation. The accuracy of needle puncture was 100%. The curative effect was 100
was susceptible to a fatal virus disease, myxomatosis
the region of inter may be a portion of a vessel
as the amount of target sequence increases as a result of the amplification, the signal generated during the annealing phase by the label will decrease as a result of increased quenching by the formation of more duplexes which incorporate the probe and also the dna duplex binding agent.
Whole genome DNA of scylla paramamosain mitochondria and testing method
The sensitivity,specificity and accuracy of AFI in diagnosing ischemic segments of left ventricle were calculated taking CAG results as gold standard.
Clinical study of mean platelet volume and membrane glycoprotein CD62p in badly ill patient
Presynaptic Cdc42 Signaling-mediated Rapid Maturation of Silent Synapses
Chinese medicine believes that asthma belongs to the Wheezing illness.The etiology and pathogenesis of asthma are the sputum obstructing airway and qi imbalance.
Methods The expressions of EZH2 protein in 40breast cancer with lymph node metastasis tissues,63breast cancer without lymph node metastasis tissues,31hyperplasia of mammary glands tissues by SP immunohistochemical method.
Paclitaxel-Induced Apoptosis of Gastric Adenocarcinoma Cells is Associated with Up-Regulation of the BH3-only Protein BIM
It is characterized by upper body OBESITY; OSTEOPOROSIS; HYPERTENSION; DIABETES MELLITUS; HIRSUTISM; AMENORRHEA; and excess body fluid
there is thus a widely recognized need for. and it would be highly advantageous to have , a non-invasive methodology to identify all kinds of pathologic skin conditions and particular early cancer precursors .
The average value of decreased blood NPY EPNSE in naloxone group was 71.00 11.48ng/L , 50.10 12.25ng/L , 4.51 0.74 g /L respectively, significantly statistical different as compared with routine group (50.11 8.02ng/L, 32.68 11.90ng/L 2.84?.93 g/L respectively, p<0.01).
Conclusion Strengthening diabetes education can help patients understand the diabetes and related knowledge exactly,and facilitate the standard achievement of blood sugar.
Results 148 out of 150 samples were tested positive by CLIA method,with a positive rate of 98. 67%.While 144 out of 150 samples were tested positive by TPPA method,with a positive rate of 96. 00%.
Imatinib and sunitinib,both tyrosine kinase inhibitors directed to KIT,were approved for first-and second-line treatment of metastatic and unresectable GISTs.
The standard stipules the method to determine DHA and EPA with gas phase chromatography .
53-0. 76).Conclusions ACE gene I/D polymorphism is significantly associated with the occurrence of IS in the population of EH.D allele and DD genotype are risk factors of IS.
CONCLUSION enalapril joint metoprolol for the treatment of hypertension and heart failure has a significant effect good patient tolerance and high security,can be used to treat hypertension combined heart failure.
in which that maternal mortality rate is much high than among the rest of the population protect by IMSS
A hybridization method between Chinese spiny sea cucumber and Russian ( or korean ) one for preparing the hybrid one with high growth speed, stress resistance, survival rate and nutritive value includes such steps as using special culture technique to make them mature symultaneously, artificial oxytocia to obtain their spermatozoa and ova, artificial fertilization, and culturing fertilizer ova until they become laval plankton.
Immunology accommodation mechanism
(1) analyzing a microbial community structure in oil deposit produced fluid and/or metabolic products in detection produced fluid by adopting a molecular biological method;
Objective To investigate infections and drug susceptibility of Ureaplasma urealyticum(Uu) and Mycoplasma hominis(Mh) in 389 patients with nongoncoccal urethritis,and to guide the rational use of antibiotics in clinical practice.
if that web is an extensible material such as a polymer film,
It was from c - d - line 0. 36 ± 0. 16cm inside.
the method further includes introducing a second catalyst system to the polymerization reactor in the presence of at least a portion of the catalyst killer, wherein the at least a portion of the catalyst killer is an amount sufficient to activate the second catalyst system and contacting olefin monomers with the second catalyst system to form polyolefin in a second polymerization reaction.
The second arterial chamber is arranged between the first blood pump (arterial) and the dialyser.
the term sugars is intended to cover ingredients such as fructose , glucose , maltose , sucrose , lactose , dextrose , high fructose corn syrup or sugar substitutes like e.g. sorbitol , mannitol , xylitol or combinations thereof .
Conclusion:The role of using CDA-2 in treating neoplastic hematologic disorders is possibly exerted through induction of tumor cell differentiation,apoptosis,reversal of drug resistance and other mechanisms.
Mechanism discussion of the exise on influence to metabolic syndrome
the Huoshou black pig forage help to substantially improve immunity of Huoshou black pigs and effectively prevent disease from happening; that Huoshou black pig forage produced by employing the method provide by the invention is applied to batch breeding of commercial Huoshou black pigs, the breeding rate reaches up to 98%, and the total mortality rate is 2% or less, and no any antibiotics need adding for preventing diseases during breeding; and the prepared black pig forage is high in conversion rate.
Aim To observe the interventional effect and interventional mechanism of puerarin on retinal outer nuclear layer cell and photoreceptor outer segment in rd mice.
FLUORESCENCE QUENCH EFFECTS AND THE OVERCOMING METHOD BY USS OF MUG (FIUOROCULT￣R )-LAURYL SULFATE BROTH FOR THE DETERMINATION OF E. COLI IN MEDICINAL PLANT MATERIALS
Experimental Study on Autologus Bone Marrow Stem Cells Mobilization in Rats with Acute Myocardial Infarction;
the committee will assess the thyroid doses of the exposed populations, particularly of young children;
The present-day diagnostic error is to miss an underlying cordal carcinoma during an upper respiratory tract infection, especially where the 'laryngitis' persists for some weeks, or to miss a vocal cord paralysis in a lower respiratory tract infection secondary to a bronchial carcinoma, or heart failure (Ortner's syndrome).
Application of peripheral blood T cell subgroup detection in malignant tumor and its clinical significance
establishment of an assay of oligosaccharide in serum and its significance in serodiagnosis of patients with tumor
4 +cell percentage in ACG were higher than NCG (t=2.174, P <0.05), while IFN-¦Ã+cell percentagewas lower than NCG t=-2.437, P<0.05
Conclusion Treatment related strategies including surgery,chemotherapy,radiation therapy,the choice of the three variables are independent prognostic factors influencing long-term survival of breast cancer patients.
The results show that water molecule binding with H2,H5,H6 sites can enhance the stability of zwitterionic complexes.
Each vector prepared above was inserted in Agrobacteria by using Agrobacterium tumefaciens LBA4404 ( ATCC ) , after which tobacco leaf fragments were infected with the same .
The compound or a medicinal salt thereof is used as a direct Xa factor inhibitor, used as an antithrombotic agent and used for treating cardiovascnlar and cerebrovascular diseases and thromboembolism disease.
in a preferred embodiment that fermentation medium comprise a backset portion is pre-treated with a fatty acid oxidizing enzyme.
Review on Inorganic/polymer Hybrid Nanocomposite Materials
Results Among 6 primary carcinomas there were 4 cases of serous papillary carcinomas, 1 case of endometrioid carcinoma and 1 case of transitional cell carcinoma.
The Diagnosis and Clinical Applied Value of Colour Ultrasound-Guided Biopsy in the Liver Lesions
The transcription of the rpoS gene was not changed under our experimental conditions
Effect of Yiqihuoxuejiedu Formula on spontaneous metastasis of mouse Lewis lung carcinoma and its mechanism
The high efficient of HPLC owes to that mostly.
Sduty on Amount and Stability of cry1D and cry1Ab mRNAin Bacillus thuringiensis subps aizawai
The renal changes observed at autopsy were probably responsible for the relatively late mortality.
Adaption and Suspension Culture of rCHO Cells Producing HBsAg in Serum-free Medium
Application of DNA molecular markers in genetic research of Pelteobagrus
Conclusion MRI is high sensitivity on demyelinating diseases,and it is credibility method to examine demyelinating diseases. [
Other modifiable factors associated with increased risk of heart failure were smoking, high systolic blood pressure, and raised body-mass index.
The prevalence of metabolic syndrome as defined by the U.S.
in addition, that commercial ( R ) -methyl-CBS solution is costly and the reaction is only moderately catalytic.
Methodology:Ninety male patients diagnosed as type 2 diabetic mellitus (T2DM) were enrolled this study.
Aim To determine general flavonoids (GF) in smilax glabra.Methods The substances were extracted with 60% alcohol, developed with aluminum trichloride and potassium acetate, and determined at 420nm by UV spectroscopy.Results Smilax glabra was refluxed and extracted for one hour per time with 60% alcohol as much as 12.5~25 times the weight of the medicinal materials for one time. GF from smilax glabra was 0.26%. Smilax glabra was refluxed and extracted for one hour per time with 60% alcohol as muc...
Objective To explore the clinical significance of changes of plasma neuro-peptide Y(NPY) levels and C-reactive protein(CRP) in patients with cerebral hemorrhage or cerebral infarction.
4. Sucrose is the best osmotic pressure regulator in the process of isolationtetrad protoplasts , and 10.3% is optimum ; while rnannitol is better inisolation mature pollen protoplasts , and 18.2% is optimum.
To explore the methods of ensuring the successful laparoscopic operation, enhancing the quality of operation and prolonging the life-span of laparoscopes.
Discolored from coagulation of blood below the surface of the skin.
wherein the bicyclic or polycyclic aromatic or heteroaromatic compound is substituted with at least one carboxy group,
In SEQ ID NO: 1amino acid sequence deletion, addition, insertion or substitution of one or more amino acid residues in the amino acid sequence of examples include SEQ ID and NO: 1polypeptide with50% or more, preferably 70% or greater, and more preferably90% or more Datong derived amino acid sequence.
include inhibitor of protein tyrosine phosphatase that are useful in that treatment of diabetes and other PTB-1B mediated disease, such as cancer, neurodegenerative diseases and the like.
Effect of EGCG on Biological Behaviour of Human Esophageal Cancer Line CaEs-17 in vitro
The method of claim 3, further comprising characterisation of the antibody or antibody fragment, wherein characterization of the antibody or antibody fragment comprises performing functional assays to determine the function of the antibody or antibody fragment, binding assays to determine the binding specificity of the antibody or antibody fragment or the epitope recognized by the antibody or antibody fragment, and/or neutralization assays to determine the ability of the antibody or antibody fragment to neutralize a toxin or a pathogen
Retrosp-ectively analyzed of the modified radical mastectomy for 95 cases breast cancer
Earlier attempts to form a heterogeneous catalyst for the rhodium-catalyzed carbonylation of methanol to acetic acid include that of Jarrell and Gates, Journal of Catalysis, 40, 255-267, (1975) wherein a styrene-divinylbenzene copolymer containing diphenyl phosphine groups was used to support rhodium for both liquid and gas phase reaction.
in situations where iron is scarce, the bodies of mice and rats ( and presumably, by extension, people ) seem able to collect the nutrient more efficiently than pathogens do.
Study on relationship between pH in the multidrug resistant LoVo /Adr cell line and distribution of drug
A total of 32 nasal swabs were collected from 4 goat farms in Sichuan province and 11 strains of Staphylococcus aureus were isolated and identified,the positive rate was 34. 4%.
Fabrication of Micro-grooved Patterns on Hydroxyapatite Ceramics and Observation of Earlier Response of Osteoblasts to the Patterns
Besides, it can be used as fluorescence probe or can be used for determining protein content.
Isolation, Identification and Microbial Sensitivity Tests of the Pathogenic Vibrio from Diarrhea Patients
The computer tomography apparatus shown in FIG. 2 captures multi-cycle cardiac computer tomography data of the heart 130.
The invention accurately limits annealing temperature of PCR reaction, optimizes the conditions for hybridization of nucleic acid fragments after PCR amplification and genetic chip, obtains very good hybridization effect, and finally obtains accurate detection result.
indolizine acetic acid derivative as CRTH2 antagonists
Conclusion:Treatment with formoterol for patients with severe bronchial asthma has a significant effect,12 or 24 ug was not increased asthma exacerbation rate and adverse events similar.
The Influence of Marine Sulfated Polysaccharide 916 on Exterior and Interior Pharmacokinetics of Lovastatin in Rats
New Investigation of Medication for Organized Hematoma
The analysis of variance of Wr-Vr, the statistic t2 and the regressi on of Wr on Vr revealed that there were no non-allelic interacti ons in the inhertance of erucic acid and the additive-dominance model was adequate for this acid in F1, F2 and backcross progenies of diallel cross
Accordingly, micro motion of the cup 600 relative to the pelvic bone structure caused by movement of a femoral ball is decreased or eliminated
and Ra is C1-C6alkyl, haloC1-C6alkyl, or a 5- to 10-membered, N-linked heterocyclic group, each of which Ra is substituted with from 0 to 4 substituents as described for Formula 1.
Vimentin is a type III Intermediate filament protein that is expressed frequently in epithelial carcinomas correlating wit
Then detect NO,NOS,ET,AngⅡ in serum and plasma of mesocricitus auratus.Results:Guanxinping decreased ET,AngⅡ and NOS and increased the level of NO secreted by vascular endothelial.
in all patient, capacity of that urinary vesicle ranged from 350 to 480 ml, fil pressure was 13 to 25 cm H2O, and the residual urinary volume was 16 to 60 ml.
In order to research the effect of electrical stimulation upon the lower limb muscle of Wushu athletes, through the electric stimulation training quadriceps muscles and biceps muscles on Wushu athletes, we observe electricity stimulating influence on reactive velocity and muscle strength. The result finds it has the best influence through electricity stimulating training quadriceps muscles and biceps muscles at the same time, and offers scientific basis for its application in physical training and in other fields.
Results In substraction ,the left middle frontal gyre(MFG),inferior frontal gyre(IFG),superior parietal lobule(SPL),inferior parietal lobule(IPL),angular gyre(AG),superior temporal gyre(STG),the right MFG,SPL,IPL , bilateral visual association cortex and cerebellum were activated.
Percutaneous Balloon Mitral Valvotomy for Mitral Stenosis and Regurgitation in 52 Cases of Rheumatic Heart Disease
Analysis of electroneurophysiological detection in patients with Guillain-Barre syndrome
Clinical observation shows that the invention has the advantages of low cost, good curative effect and no toxic or side effect.
In age matched subjects, the degree of radial displacement for knees with OA signs was greater than those without OA signs. Differences were highly significant (P<0.001).
Conclusion 1、The carbon dioxide pneumoperitoneum adjust the rotary system target in LC ：Heart rate 、The blood pressure ascendes the action ，are possess marked divergence in the statistics （t<0.05）.
the cure rate of initial treatment smear-positive pulmonary tuberculosis cases was 66.0%, 84.7% and 93.5% in 1986, 1990 and 2000 respectively
Role of p38 mitogen-activated protein kinase in lipopolysaccharide-induced expression of inducible nitric oxide synthase in human endothelial cells
Results: CD3+ lymphocytes and CD8+ lymphocytes appeared in tissue around the hematoma.
The nucleic acid strand N is immobilized on the detection surface 2 in any way without special restrictions
Cervical cancer and cervical intraepithelial neoplasia tissue expression of mPGES-1 and COX-2 and its correlation analysis.
Results (1) The positivity rate of p53 in LSC was 41% and the index of positive cell was 54 59±22 82, which were not related with T staging,histological grading and the lymph node metastasis of LSC.
The results showed that anti-thermal oxydative ageing property of the buttons was most significantly improved by 0. 45% phosphite ester anti-oxidant 3010
The Particle Age map lets you create materials that change over time as particles can.
Shallow Discuss How to Prevent Infection Mobile Hard Disk
The paper reported an inosine-producing auxotroph of a Bacillus strain SD9401 (Ade¡¥+Thi¡¥+ His¡¥+ 8-AGr+ 6-MPr), which was mutanted by U.V and Diethyl Sulfate, was isolated on the medium containing Inosine as Sole energy source. We got a strain failed to grow on this medium and it assumed to be deficient in nucleoside-hydrolyzing activity.
Association between calcitonin receptor gene polymorphism and bone mineral density in Guangzhou postmenopausal women
in general, expression vectors of utility in recombinant dna techniques are in the form of plasmids.
In this paper, the etiological analysis of 22 patients admitted from 1981 to 1988 with soft tissue defect in lower 1/3 of leg and the foot was summarised. Five kinds of operative procedures such as free skin grafting, localized flap, calf cross flap, free flap and reversed calf tibial island flap were discussed in respect to their merits or defects. The authors suggested that the repair of soft tissue defect in foot and the lower one third of leg must be individualized according to the degree and size of th
GRANULAR BAINITE DISCRIMINATION BY X-RAY DIFFRACTION METHOD
the superimpose images can provide assurance that that focal spot is center in the target tumor and that no vital or sensitive organs he in the ultra sound beam
So the author considered that personality, life events, emotion and behavioral patterns may play an important roles in the occur and development progress of malignant tumours
Objective:Oncogene c-myc plays an important role in many tumors.
Objective To investigate features and relative factors of adverse drug reactions( ADRs) found in our hospital in order to improve the rational administration in clinics.
Objective:To study the effects of tropisetron on postoperative nausea and vomiting(PONV) after cesarean section.
Study on the Apoptotic Mechanism of Hepatocellular Carcinoma SMMC7721 Cells Induced by GDCA
heme oxygenase-1 and coronary artery disease
[Conclusion]The dynamic trend of SOD activity, MDA content and T-AOC conformed with the changes of mastitis, hence the three indicators should be used in monitoring breast health and as candidate parameters for mastitis diagnose.
All the 80 patients were evaluated before and after the treatment by MMSE and ADL and examined by TCD.The result of best therapeutic regimen was analyzed by using orthogonality design method and range analysis.
short term effect of navelbine on non small cell lung canc in 48 cases
Of 9 negative Ph chromosome, 1 case was b 3/a 2 type, 3 cases was b 2/a 2 type, 1 case was both b 3/a 2 and b 2/a 2 types,and 4 cases were negative (Ph-bcr-CML).
Five rats in each group were killed at 6h,12 h and 24 h,which were divided into subgroup I,Ⅱ,Ⅲ,and lung tissue was collected.The pathomorphism changes of lung tissue were observed using light microscope.and the expression of HMGB1 protein in pulmonary was examined by immunohistochemistry in all the rats.
Gliclazide for treatment of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus
Objective To investigate methods for preventing or relieving discomfort of patients receiving nasobiliary drainage after ERCP.
And dextran was given intravenously to both groups. Blood level of triiodothyronine (T 3), free triiodothyronine (FT 3), thyroxine (T 4), free thyroxine (FT 4) and thyroid stimulating hormone (TSH)of all patients were determined before and after treatment by radioimmunoassay.
Analysis of Plant NBS-LRR Resistance Gene:Structure,Function,Origin,Evolution and Their Application
Methods Sixty newborns with hypoxic-ischemic encephalopathy were divided into routine treatment group and rat nerve growth factor treatment group randomly.
some biological response modifier preferentially enhances cell mediate immune responses, and other biological response modifiers preferentially enhances that humoral immune response ( i. e., can stimulate the immune response, the cell immunity humoral immunity level higher than the level, and vice versa
heat shock protein A Gene of Helicobactor pylori
Effect of endoscopic thyroidectomy on systemic immunity
These materials may be in the form of solids, creams, foams, gels, and the like.
Compound Three-dimensional Piezoelectric Scanner Used in Scanning Probe Microscopy
ELISA was used to detect the NGAL(sNGAL) level in every group.Auto Chemistry Analyzer was used to detect creatinine and urea nitrogen.
Thousands of children become infected with HIV every day.
Postoperative free portal vein pressure were rose average 0.44kPa and 0.28kPa respectively.
alternatively the systolic / diastolic ratio could be generated.
We found that sol-gel encapsulated Co(acac)3, ether in SiO2 or in Al2O3, in TiO2, is leach proof and has very high activity to air oxidation of penicillin G diphenylmethyl ester too. Moreover, controlling the reaction time can control the selectivity of the reaction.
the present invention relate to an aqueous polymer dispersion which is obtainable by free-radical polymerization of a monomer mixture which comprise at least one amide-group-containing compound
(A cardiac initializing message will appear, advising that this is happening.
Effect of EVA and Nano-CaCO3 on Properties of PLA/TPS
Clinical efficacy of corticosteroids and non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs in cataract patients after phacoemulsification
The data analysis on the different humic acids and UF membranes showed that fouling could decrease and the intrinsic resistance would determine the total resistance only when the UF membrane could reject more than 40% of the total natural organic matters.
Peripheral blood mononuclear cells(PBMCs) have 4 different kinds of subtypes,and the two main subtypes are CD14++ CD16-and the CD14+CD16+.
The Role of Electron Leakage of Mitochondrial Respiratory Chain in Cell Apoptosis
Repair of Skin and Soft Tissue Defect in Proximal Two Third of Lower Leg by Surgical Flaps
Objective To explore the clinical efficacy of glasses and contact lenses in correcting myopia.
Heart Septal Defects
In the recent years, cyclin, cyc-lin dependent kinase and cyclin dependent kinase inhibitor have important effect in cell cycle modulation.
study on grain-filling physiology and technical measure to increase kernel weight of spring wheat
it may be that there will be difference in excretion and sequestration from one patient to another.
Conclusion Tomoxetine could be effectively and well tolerated used for treatment of childhood ADHD unresponsive to methylphenidate.
study on HPLC method for that analysis of trace pigment in ready-to-drink tea
silica gel-catalyzed selective bromination of steroidal estrogen
PREPARATION OF Fe_2O_3-Al_2O_3-SiO_2-TiO_2 ANTIBACTERIAL NANOMETRE HUMIDITY SENSITIVE CERAMIC MEMBRANES BY SOL-GEL PROCESSING
Study on the Extraction Process of Total Flavonoids from Melilotus officinalis
Compared with HVPBR,the molecular weight of SB-grafted HVPBR and molecular weight distribution and the content of gel raised slightly.The solution dynamic viscosity of HVPBR was decreased to a great extent as a result of the presence of the SB graft chain.
In particular, soft or flexible spikes or barbs 105 are distributed on the surface 107 of the container to attract and also to grasp and release biologic (for instance, fibrin or collagen) or other pro-coagulant sealant material 109.
influence of ultrasonic vibration on polymer product property
The Investigation of Duck Hepatitis B Virus about Molecular Epidemiology and the Establishment and Preliminary Application of Disease-model of DHBV by Artificially Infecting Ducklings
in addition, that solubility mechanism of wat in silicate melts is also discus on the basis of the influence of alkaline components on solubility of water. and this is accordance with Sykes' conclusion accord to molecular orbital calculation and Raman, FTIR spectroscopy to research the solubility mechanism in aluminosilicate melts.
A deconvolution method based on the double pass features to reconstruct the retina image
Study on Mechanism of Aneuploid Cells
simultaneous Pancreas-kidney transplantation ( SPK) for an old age Male with type 2 diabetes complicate with end stage renal disease ( ESRD): a case report
In addition to a metal alkoxide component, a reaction mixture comprises an unsaturated organic acid component.
Experimental Study on Regulation Effects of Liujunzi Decoction on Cellular Factors in Mouse with Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease
the preparation proces of that product comprises extract dried powder of semen glycines and slice fructus crataegi respectively, drying the extracts, crushing; and mixing
The communication of ideological and political education has such function as feeling expression,cognition communication,education influence,directing and controlling,stimulation and cohesion.
Monoazo dye compound and orange to red dye composition
Distribution of clinical main I-form bacterial and analysis of resisbance change
Synthesis and Properties on Latent Curing Agent of Aliphatic Amines
DETECTION OF H-RAS GENE MUTATIONS AT CODON 12 IN UYGURIAN CERVICAL
[Methods]80 healthy female Kunming mice were randomly divided into 8 groups.
Effect of Ligustrazine Hydrochloride on the Mice Fertility and Its Mechanism during Early Pregnancy in View of Immunity
The results show that the CdTe QDs are of zinc-blended crystal structure in a sphere-like shape;various luminescent CdTe QDs with high emission efficiency(maximum quantum yield of 73. 3%) can be prepared at pH=10. 5 and n(Cd2+): n(Te2-): n(MSA)=1: 0. 05: 1. 4.
RESULTS: At the 0-100 μLg/ L concentration scope, bFGF and IGF- I can accelerate proliferation of hDPMCs, the action of bFGF is bigger than IGF- I, but two factor have the synergetic action to proliferation of hDPMCs
29)min in control group,respectively,and statistical difference was found between the two groups(χ2=3. 88,P<0.05).
Study on the formation mechanism of PtSi film by X-ray diffraction and X-ray photo spectrum
fetal atelectasis
glutamic acid is protected with a benzyl group and lysine is protected with a phthalimide protecting group.
A novel and efficient macroporous adsorbent, which functional group covalently bound to porous polymer matrix can selectively adsorb metal ions and toxic organic compounds from aqueous solution.
The oral solid medicine composition comprises a medicine containing part and hollow white granules, wherein the medicine containing part contains ropinirole and pharmaceutically acceptable carriers, and the hollow white granules contain no ropinirole and are formed by mixing pharmaceutically acceptable carriers.
Clinical Evaluation of All-ceramic Restorations
CLINICAL AND PATHOLOGICAL ANALYSIS OF 35 CASES OF CHRONIC IDIOPATHIC ULCERATIVE COLITIS
11. the following table contains population data by nationality and ethnicity, mother tongue, religious belief and sex.
This study showed that 61.90~88.23% patsents had weak or no respone to TRH stimutation and 16.67 ~34. 88%had delayed reaction, suggesting the impairment of the function of pituitary and/o r hy- pothalamus
The test compound was suspended in 0.5% methylcellulose solution and the suspension was orally administered in a volume of 5 ml/Kg and the efficacy was evaluated.
Study on Graft Copolymerization of AAm with PP Melt-Blown Nonwovens for Liquid Filter
copper nanoparticles may then be added to the molten mixture.
Another study from Sweden found that there is a “significant association” between one variant of oxytocin and a lack of affection for a partner, as well as a correlation between one variant of the vasopressin receptor gene and lower marital quality reported by their spouses.
it has strong therapeutic effect on bacterial vaginitis, mycotic vaginitis, and trichomonas vaginitis.
Efficacy Evaluation of Treatment of Invasive Bladder Cancer with Arterial Embolization Combined with Chemotherapy
The humoral component of the immune response includes production of antibodies specific for an antigen.
standard fungal transformation technology was apply with amdS co-selection in order to screen for positive transformant ( Ruiz-Diez, B., J. appl. Microbiol. 2002, 92, pages 189-195 ).
The withdrawal of LEF and MTX was on the fifth day after the fever,the chest CT revealed ground glass shadowing and consolidations forming a mosaic pattern in lung fields; bronchi alveolar lavage(BAL) cell:total was 0. 49×106/ml,macrophages 58. 50%,lymphocytes 41. 50%,neutrophils 0. 00%,eosinophils 0. 00%,PCP negative.
Studies on Polymorphism of Candidate Genes Affecting Egg Production in Shanma Duck
the DNA-dependent protein kinase catalytic subunit single-chain antibody
The substituted amino acids in the CDR or FR are not limited to those present in the donor or recipient antibody.
Analysis of antibiotics resistance testing for 312 strains of mycoplasma
The relationship between trace element zinc and chromiumdiabetes mellitus
The mechanisms of UV light action and formation for different shapes of gold nanoparticles were discussed briefly.
Clinical Analysis of To Cases of Mycoplasma Pneumoniae Infection in children
The goals of treatment is restitution dislocation as soon as possible, prevent femoral head osteoepiphysis occurrence ischemic necrosis, correct rudimental harmful development.
The web 12 is preferably a thin, flexible sheet of latex or other biocompatible plastic, which can be easily cut, ripped, or in some other manner disrupted to expose desired portions of underlying tissue 105 while keeping other tissue from intruding into the working space.
forming cultured milk
Reduces inflammation.
Proofer / pre-proofer
The technological process of utilizing marine yeast in producing single cell protein features that marine yeast G7a is inoculated to and cultured in the production culture medium prepared with Jerusalem artichoke extracting solution and soybean residue hydrolysate.
Denaturant gradient gel electrophoresis in the genetic diagnosis of hereditary multiple exostoses
inhibition the producation of NO in macrophges by oxidized low disity lipoproteins(OX LDL),and observed the effect of SF on it.
it avoid that disadvantages of the exist products such as unilateral-control of blood glucose, and the ignorance of biochemical-metabolism disorder due to hyperglycosemia and the complication resulting from above disorder;
12 . method according to claim 10 , wherein the water-soluble salt of alginic acid is one of sodium alginate , potassium alginate , ammonium alginate , magnesium alginate or another salt of alginate and a monovalent cation .
Relationship Between the Alteration of 6 keto PGF1α and TXB_2 in Cervical Mucus of Patients with Threatened preterm Labor and the Efficacy of Magnesium Sulfate Treatment
RESULTS: The ultrasonic indicates that most of the retinoblastoma is irregular, circle or semicircle (95.4%), and the rate of calcification echo is high
It has been demonstrated that O-GlcNAc plays important roles in some human diseases, such as diabetes and neurodegenerative diseases.
the activity of a transcription activator is demonstrate and that deletion of the exogenous gene is realized by promote the expression of the recombinase by a plant tissue specific promoter to obtain a safe transgenic plant; and the biological safety hazard problem the exogenous gene may brings is solved.
Tertiary endpoints can include serum markers of bone formation and virilization.
Conclusions Three-dimensional spiral CT technology can provide intuitive information of impacted tooth for clinicians to develop a clear diagnosis and treatment options,reducing surgical indications.Non-surgical methods can help the impacted maxillary canines erupt themselves,avoiding surgical trauma.
The invention also relates to compositions containing compounds of formula (I) useful for the prevention and treatment of HIV-1 infections and the treatment of AIDS and/or ARC.
Chitosan-nano-gold enzyme immunosensor for detecting mycobacterium tuberculosis and application thereof
Concurent chemotherapy combined with late course accelerated hyperfractionated radiotherapy for advanced esophageal carcinoma
A test neural stimulation is delivered, and a physiologic response to the test neural stimulation is monitored.
examples of such applications are the use in deep-uv mastering of high-density optical discs, the use in deep-uv lithography of silicon wafers, the use in liquid immersion lithography and in immersion microscopy in the biological field.
The present qRT-PCR method can be applied to detect the spatial and temporal differences of Vtg mRNA expressions in crucian carp.
Objective To study the effect of adenosine preconditioning on cell apoptosis and expressions of glucose-regulated protein(GRP-78) and cysteinylaspartate-specific protease 12(caspase-12) in rats with spinal cord ischemia-reperfusion injury.
Objective To discuss the key point of treatment option for different skeletal class Ⅲ malocclusion in mixed dentition,by comparing clinical effects and skeletal changes.
rapamycins include rapamycin US Patent No. 3,929,992 , rapamycin 42-ester with 3-hydroxy-2- ( hydroxymethyl ) -2- methylpropionic acid US Patent No. 5,362,718 , and 42-0- ( 2-hydroxy ) ethyl rapamycin US Patent No. 5,665,772 .
Effects of Transfections with Mt-3 Gene on Proliferate Activity Cell Cycle in Cell Lines of Squmous Cell Carcinoma of the Esophagus
Due to the anatomical structure of the heart, the atria initially receive the pulse upstream from the atrioventricular valves which separate the atria from the ventricles
In the reaction of chlorosulfonation carbon tetrachloride was used as solvent, adding the sodium chloride in later stage reaction.
It’s indicate that mir-18b inhibitor enhance the ability of apoptosis through regulating P53 and Bcl-2. Aim to provide new evidence and clues for research the pathogenesis of PE.
Amino acids and nucleotides of yeast extract were analyzed by high prssure liquid chromatography
The results show that the cases of characteristic 0 are different from the cases of characteristic P> 0
The most effective method for early diagnosis of gastric cancer is endoscopic biopsy with histopathology.Given the high cost and low acceptance,it can not be used for large scale screening.
Objective:Observed the influences of Liu Wen Di Huang Wan water had extracted on the proliferation of bone mesenchymal stem cells(BMSCs) of SD rats in vitro.
study on immunopathogenesis of corneal tissue in experimental aspergillus fumigatus keratitis in rat
Results 6 h after PE treatment, APD at 90% repolarization (APD90) of NRVCs was prolonged by 14. 3% (P <0. 05) ,but myocyte hypertrophy was not found.
The effects of compounds of Astragalus polysaccharide (APS) and profitable microbe (PM) on tectology of chicks were studied. 240 Hy-Line chicks were randomly divided into 4 groups with 6 replicates (10 chicks per replicate).
Slurry samples from 13 industrial biogas plants using swine manure as raw substrate were collected from different regions in China.The prokaryotic community compositions were investigated using 16S rRNA amplicon high-throughput sequencing technique.
Conclusion Laparoscopic and Laparotomy fenestration both have the nice curative effect and the low recurrence rate.However, laparoscopic treatment for hepatic cysts is advantageous.
Neurologic score , infarct volume and the expression of NGF were compared in each group.
[Methods]1 340 patients with T2DM were sampled from outpatient and inpatient department,to collect their general information,self-management information,treatment prescription and clinical indexes.
in a liquid culture method of the entomogenous fungi sclerotium,
Used apple as material, and NaCl, CaCl2, citric acid, EDTA-2Na as test agent, response surface methodology (RSM) was used to study non-sulfur colour-protection technology during drying of apple pieces
Rhubarb Tongfu Treatment of Stroke Empirical Organs Care
For example, the DNA sequence coding for PVA can be synthesized as a series of 100 base oligonucleotides that can be sequentially ligated (via appropriate terminal restriction sites or complementary terminal sequences) so as to form the correct linear sequence of nucleotides.
Objective To observe the effect of nifedipine controlled release pellets on plasmatic endothelin and platelet aggregate function(AGG1、AGG5、AGGm) in pregnancy-induced hypertension syndrome.
Conclusion Under appropriate conditions,selective hemilaminectomy is an alternative technique for OPLL.The incidence of C5 palsy and cervical kyphosis may decrease due to preserving more posterior spinal structures and restriction of spinal cord shift.
PHARMACOKINETIC STUDY OF ~3H-BERBERINE IN RABBITS & MOUSE
In addition, 33 homozygous deletions (relative to the reference sequence) identified on the 500K EA platform were experimentally validated with locus-specific assays
New usage of disposable syringe in clinical nursing work
P-glycoprotein Mitochondrial Translocation on Multidrug Resistance in the Mitochondrial DNA-depleted Cells
investigation of stromatin in hemoglobin elctrophoresis
Objective To explore the changes of cellular immune function in patients with acute episode of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease,and observe the effects of medication.
the relationship between that apical anatomy of first permanent molar and initial apical file
which is substan- tially impermeable to the ionized form or the inclusion complex of the therapeutically active agent,
Lattice parameters are α= 11.198 A, b? = 11.046 A, c = 8.254 A, β= 111.53° and α =11.327 A, b = 11.078 A, c = 8.341 A,β = 111.87° respectively.
MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Quantitative analysis of T lymphocyte subsets (including CD3+ T cells, CD4+ T cells and CD8+ T cells) and CD4+ TH1/TH2 cells in peripheral blood from the two groups of subjects.
The methods of claim 1, microorganisms of the species Corynebacterium glutamicum are used.
RESULTS: Muscular atrophy was observed 2 weeks after denervation. The motor unit waveshape of gastrocnemius became single;
The results indicatd that contaminated Bacillus cereus in douchi was ubiquitous and had high detection rate 94. 0%.Different levels(3. 6cfu/g~1100cfu/g) of Bacillus cereus were found in douchi positive samples,the geometric mean was 75. 8cfu/g.
In many cases, the compounds of this invention are capable of forming acid and/or base salts by virtue of the presence of amino and/or carboxyl groups or groups similar thereto.
When the pharmaceutical composition of the invention is to be administered orally to a human being for the therapy of Helicobacter pylori infection, taking the case in which the active ingredient is an antimicrobial substance as an example, the daily dose for an adult patient may be about 0.1 to about 50 mg/kg or preferably about 0.3 to about 40 mg/kg in terms of the active substance
To improve the anti-fouling performance of PVDF hollow fiber microporous membranes,the sulfobetaine zwitterion polymer,poly [2(methacryloyloxyethyl)ethyl]-dimethyl-(3-sulfopropyl) ammonium(polyMEDSA),was grafted from the outside surface of the membrane.Firstly,2-hydroxyethyl methacrylate(HEMA) polymer was tethered to the surface of PVDF hollow fiber membrane via atom transfer radical polymerization(ATRP) to provide active hydroxyl sites for the subsequent copolymerization.
nitrosourea compound with alkylating, carcinogenic, and mutagenic properties
Tolerant limit to hypoxia and hypoxic preconditioning
The patients in the control group were administered with 30 mg Nifedipine Controlled-release Tablets once daily,and the patients in the observation group were administered with 30 mg Nifedipine Controlled-release Tablets once daily and six pills of Qiangli Dingxuan Tablets three times daily.Both groups were treated for 12 weeks.
BIOLOGICAL EFFECTS OF 2450MHz MICROWAVE RADIATION ON HUMAN HEPATOMA CELL LINE IN VITRO
Conclusions:EI combined with ~(252)Cf neutron IBT for treatment of esophageal carcinoma has the same short-term curative effects and 1-,3-year survival rates as EI combined with ~(192)Ir IBT. This method perhaps has good prospects to use.
Histological development of thymus of chicken embryo
To set up a new effective method for measuring the adhesion between red blood cells and vascular endothelial cells, we studied the relationship between adhesive red blood cells and light transmission by using Microscope Photometric Monolayer Technique Elias c Analyzer in our department.
Objective To dissect expression profiles of Vibrio parahaemolyticus in response to taurocholic acid in vitro by a global-genome DNA microarray,and to define the direct regulatory genes by taurine.
The risk factors of the pulmonary infections were: mechanical ventilation≥2 days, long operative time, fibro bronchoscope using, mass ascites pre-tansplantation, tracheotomy, post-tansplantation renal dysfunction, postoperative pulmonary edema, long time using of the gastric canal, long-term hypotension during operation
Sugars are expressed on a dry weight basis, that is, a fructose syrup having 77% solids of which 55% may be fructose, (it may have a minor amount of glucose) and 23% water.
An Anti-Tumor Research of Recombinant Phage Vaccine Expressed Xenogenic EGFR
An analysis to the treatment of sequential mechanical ventilation in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease patients with severe Type-Ⅱ respiratory failure
Study on Children Adiposis in Tianjin Area and Its Risk Factors
In the area of human-computer interaction and digital entertainment,traditional techniques of facial expression synthesis can hardly produce realistic dynamic expression animation stably.
2) The protein expressions of GABA,p subunit of GABARA in the uterus of d 1,d 4 pregnant mice were detected by immunohistochemistry.
The particular office, with one of the first postgraduate programs approved by the State, mainly engages in the research of neuropharmacology, toxicology and clinical pharmacology
Effects of Ginkgo Biloba Extract and Progesterone on Expression of Glucocorticoid Receptor in Cortex of the Rat after Recurrent Seizures
Adenoviral vectors can transduce multiple types of tissues in vitro, including nondividing, differentiated cells such as those found in the liver, kidney and muscle system tissues.
A clinical observation of intravenous anesthesia applied in artificial abortion
Sensitivity and specificity for bacterial infection of WBC count and(or) abnormal classification were 52.54%(31/59) and 52.94%(9/17), with a significant difference(P< 0.05) compared with serum PCT
method for the synthesis of new reagent 2,3,7 trihydroxy 9 (2,4 dihydroxy) phenylfluorone (DHPF) was introduced with hydroquinone and 2,4 dihydroxybenzaldehyde as basic material
Objective To observe the clinical effect of Shujinjiedu Prescription and Madopar in the treatment of Parkinson’s disease.
Effects of Heavy Metal Ions on the Antioxidant Enzymes of the Haemolymph of Crab Charybdis japonica
Correlation of Rennin Angiotensin System and Fibrinolytic System in Patients with Acute Coronary Syndrome
Analysis of an outbreak of diarrhea due to food contamination
And further discussed "Ne Chin" the physique theory, the physique type and the establishment is standard as well as the different physique had decided certain diseases easy perceptions and tendentiousness, had the extremely profound significance to the lung cancer cause of disease pathogenesis research
The present invention relates to an infusion device for delivery of a substance to a patient.
such assay may suitably be conducted in cell free or cell system.
or related to external factors that destroy limbal stem cells such as chemical or thermal injuries, Stevens-Johnson syndrome, ocular cicatricial pemphigoid, contact lens wear, or extensive microbial infection
Contains effective ingredients extracted from yoghourt which richly contains lactic acid, acetic acids, organic acid, free amino acid, Ca and protein, directly and persistently nourishes skin, improves firmness;
Application of glycine tomentella hayata. root and extract thereof in preparing medicament for treating rheumatoid arthritis
Application of percutaneous central venous catheteration to therapy of very low birthweight infants
Experimental data show that the apparent activation energies for resveratrol obtained by MAE and RH were30.06and30.32kJ·mol -1, respectively, but the apparent rate constant of MAE was higher than that of RH by a factor of almost20.The microstructures of Huzhang before and after MAE, after microwave irradiation(MI) and MI followed by RH were scanned by the electron microscope
The invention discloses a method for preparing a Cerasus humilis kernel extract, comprising the following steps: 1) drying Cerasus humilis kernels to let the moisture activity of the Cerasus humilis kernels be 0.10-0.70; 2) crushing until the particle size is 10-120 meshes; 3) under the condition of keeping the moisture activity the same, extracting Cerasus humilis kernel oil; and 4) carrying out separation and extraction on the Cerasus humilis kernel meal with an ethanol aqueous solution having a percentage concentration of 50-95 % to obtain amygdalin and protein from Cerasus humilis kernel.
Then, according to the structure character and electrical property of breast tissue, we establish the hemispherical breast tissue model for research. Utilizing HFSS (3D electromagnetic simulation software produced by Ansoft Corp.)
Mg deficiency symptom became more obvious,when contents of Ca2+,K+ and NO-3 ions,total salts,and mole ratios of Ca2+/Mg2+ and K+/Mg2+ rose in the soil.In soils where tomato displayed Mg deficiency,salt content reached the level of soil salinization.With the content of soil salt rising,Ca2+ and Mg2+ activities decreased exponentially.
The efficacy of concerta and ritalin on attention deficit and hyperactivity disorder
Effect of GluN2A Inhibitor on Expression of P-glycoprotein in Rats with Status Epilepticus
in many african countries, the incidence of these infections is on the decline.
Although this is achieved primarily through the increased transcription of both collagen and fibronectin, the inhibition of the proteases from degrading the matrix also contributes to its stability.
② The expression of AQP5 protein in pulmonary of OVA group and exposure group were significantly decreased,while the content of MUC5AC was increased compared with the control group( P < 0. 05); the expression of AQP5 protein in pulmonary of exposure group was obviously decreased,while the content of MUC5AC was increased compared with the OVA group( P < 0. 05).
The recommendations of the local health authority and the facilities infection control practitioner should be followed.Respirators may be used according to local guidelines, until they become damaged, or contaminated with blood or body fluids.
the preparation is use for preventing and treat ischemic heart disease manifested by nervous response and arrhythmia, stable angina pectoris, unstable angina pectoris, and ischemic heart disease complicated with chronic bronchitis and pulmonary fibrosis as well as ischemic heart disease with autonomic nerve symptoms
~(60)Co γ-RAY-INDUCED CHROMOSOME ABERRATIONS IN HUMAN PERIPHERAL BLOOD LYMPHOCYTES IRRADIATED IN VITRO:DOSE-RESPONSE RELATIONS AND A COMPARATIVE STUDY WITH 180 kV X-RAYS
Objective To explore the treatment of hemorrhagic radiation cystitis.
According to ASTM D1418-06, FKM is a fiuoro rubber of the polymethylene type that utilizes vinylidene fluoride as a comonomer and has substituent fiuoro, alkyl, perfluoroalkyl or perfluroalkyoxy groups on the polymer chain; with or without the cure site monomer.
X is H or an anionic group,
All cases had no infection,deep venous thrombosis and hip varus malunion.The implant had no rupture,loosening or breakage phenomenon.There was 1 case in which femoral head was necrosis and 1 case in which femoral neck fracture was nonunion underwent total hip arthroplasty(THA).
Effect of Mechanical Stress on Cellular Signal Transduction and Gene Expression
it suggest that that pulse administration system is highly effective and has a few side-effects.
The re-sults of mechanical test showed that the shear- stiffness was 2. 362 MPa in experimental groups after 2weeks of implantation and 2. 1 24 MPa in control group,after 4 weeks of implantation.
The present study indicate the psychological methods copying with the severe acnte respiratory syndrone(SARS), They are: Admit trepidation and do by yourselves; Balance your thought and correct your thinking; Positive hint and improve your confidence; Apperceive yourselves and keep your normal state".The research also explain the methods'meaning, Provide the concrete steps and points, Analyse some mistaken means in everyday life
Effect of Retinoic Acid on Apoptosis in Patients with Oral Lichen Planus
the MIC of low relative molecular weight chitosan was: Proteus mirabilis 0.125%, Escherichia coli 0.25%, Candida albicans 0.25%, Pseudomonas aeruginosa, 0.25%, Staphylococcus aureus 0.125
Objective:To evaluate the safety of sequential exemestane therapy after 2-3 years’ tamoxifen treatment in postmenopausal women with hormone sensitive breast cancer.
Methods(2,4,6,8,10)×10~(5)/mL bone marrow single nucleus cells(BMNC) were added in the culture system of colony forming unit-megkaryocyte(CFU-Meg)to find out the relationship of the cultured BMNC with the output of CFU-Meg.
such bromine source include elemental bromine ( Br2 ), or ionic bromine ( for example HBr, NaBr, KBr, NH4 Br, etc. ), or organic bromides which are known to provide bromide ion at that operating temperature of the oxidation ( e. g. benzylbromide, mono- and di-bromoacetic acid. bromoacetyl bromide, tetrabromoethane, ethylene-di-bromide, etc. ).
The reaction mixture was concentrated in vacuo and then concentrated twice with toluene in vacuo.
A more preferred combination of the two solvents is acetonitrile selected from the non-halogen type aliphatic solvent and toluene selected from the non-halogen type aromatic solvent.
24. The method of claim 22, wherein the known cell, microbe or virus is a cell selected from the group consisting of tumor cells, red blood cells, white blood cells, granulocytes, platelets, monocytes, neutrophils, lymphocytes, and cancer cells.
The expression of urotensin-Ⅱ in both serum and placenta of patients with preeclampsia
Analysis of Genetic Diversity of Populus deltoides Germplasm by SSR
A Two-component Ac/Ds Activation Tagging System in Rice Genome for Mutant Development
The cases were in all age groups.The 5-24 years old group had the highest incidence rate,accounting for 40. 46% of the total number of cases.
Radiosensitizing Effect of Hyperthermia on Human Esophageal Carcinoma Cell Line EC-1
such nucleic acid molecule may be RNA or DNA.
1 Case of diagnosis of gastric perforation with ultrasound
Clinical manifestations include fatigue, depression, decreased libido, sexual dysfunction, erectile dysfunction, hypogonadism, osteoporosis, hair loss, obesity, sarcopenia, osteopenia, benign prostate hyperplasia, and alterations in mood and cognition.
The bacteria that cause the disease resemble the common strep that live in almost everyone's throat and that often cause strep throat in children.
Pediatric oxygen uptake face mask adjustable stand
Results BMI、HB、ALB、TLC increased significantly in the nutrition group and were higher than those of the control group,and the conversion rate of sputum culture in the nutritional support group was significantly higher than that of the control group(P<0.05).
Objective To adapt relative management through analysis of nasal adhesion after naso- endoscopic operation
Aspirin dissolution experiment improvement
An Improvement on Synthesis of(3R/3S,3aS,6R,7aR)-Dihydromintlactone
Clinical analysis of 60 cases cardiac cerebral embolism
Imaging analysis of solitary pulmonary nodules
PLASMAPHERESIS IN THE TREATMENT OF SYSTEMIC LUPUS ERYTHEMATOSUS
Although metallic nanoparticles have been functionalized with peptides,proteins and DNA during the last 20 years, carbohydrates have not been applied onto their surfaces until 2001,when the first gold nanoparticles functionalized with carbohydrates(glyconanoparticles) was synthesized.
Provided is a combination of a CDK4/6 inhibitor and a P3Kinase inhibitor for the treatment of cancer.
Study on the Sobering Effects of Red Bayberry Solid Sobering Beverage
Conclution Cyclin L2 gene may play a critical role in the hepatocellular carcinoma cell apoptosis induced by chemotherapeutical drugs.
Objective To explore the relationship between the electrophysiological changes in peripheral nerves of type 2 diabetic patients and the differentiation of TCM syndromes
Methods Thirty-two Wistar rats were divided randomly into four groups: false operative control (negative), model (positive), 8 μg/kg of aFGF and 16 μg/kg of aFGF groups with 8 animals in each group.
the accumulation speed of dry matter weight of kernels, and the content of total soluble carbohydrates(TSC), sucrose and starch in the wheat kernels were determined.
in front of that trend that the obese people accompany with hyperlipidemia derived by the dietary structure gradually increase
He or she then brings the skin from both sides of the breast down and around the areola, shaping the new contour of the breast.
The level of TNF was much lower in group C than that in group B(P< 0.01
Synthesis of N-methyl-4-hydroxy-5-phenyl-2-pyridone
As bone grafts,BMP/BMC/SB was superior to autologous cortical bone in sereral respects of new bone formation,bone healing and remodeling.
The reaction of chloroform, aliphatic aldehydes (or ketones) and aqueous ammonia in the presence of triethylbenzyl ammonium chloride and lithium chloride under two-phase conditions was studied.Optimum reaction conditions were determined with cyclohexanone. Under these conditions straightchain aliphatic aldehydes also undergo the reaction. Nine aliphatic α-amino acids were prepared and the yields range from 21.4% to 52.4%.The isolation of by-product a-amino amide (2-amino-2-methyl-n-v
The difference in sequence length is due to an insertion of 3 amino acids at position 104 and a longer C-terminal chain.
Conclusion An 1:1 molar ratio inclusion complex of PGE1 with HP-β-CD could be formed spontaneously and, hence, the solubility of PGE1 in aqueous solution increased.
The control group in 30 days, there is a small amount of its uneven chromatin, some cells were apoptotic body formation
Clinical Effect of LEMAIKELI on Patients with Parkinson's Disease
Results:There was remarkable effect after implement system nursing intervention 1 month,the quality of life in the intervention group was significantly higher in patients,BNP levels in patients with the intervention group than the control group decreased,the value of the intervention group than the control group increased LVEF,intervention group were 3 months readmission rate was significantly lower than control group.
Comparing clinical prevention effects of 4 different MD vaccines on fowl Marek's disease,the result showed that the immunity effect of HVT+CVI988 made in Isabek Company of Israel was best,and the effective protective rate of that was 99 95%.
AIM:To investigate gene mutation of patient with oligodontia.
Gene Cloning, Expression and Immunology of Tetanus Toxin Fragment C
injection prepn. contg. 10-hydroxy-9-allyl-camptothecine, and its prepn. method
Effects of angiotensinⅡ on peripheral blood endothelial progenitor cells
Methods: The bone marrow cells of 36 patients with acute non lymphocytic leukemia (ANLL), 26 patients with acute lymphocytic leukemia (ALL) and 23 cases of normal control were detected for mutations in p53 and MGMT gene using polymerase chain reaction single strand conformation polymorphism ( PCR SSCP
a microbial soil restorative prepared by fermenting corn stalks, wheat straw, wheat bran, corn meal, rapeseed meal, lime, potassium dihydrogen phosphate, sodium chloride, water and liquid strains in a fermentation bin.
Spectroscopic and Electrochemical Studies on the MAP - H_2O_2 - HRP Voltammetric Enzyme - linked Immunoassay System
study on screen and cultivating condition of strains producing flocculants
Objective To investigate the effect and the expressions of MMP-3 and MMP-9 in patients with cerebral infarction by Edaravone treatment,for providing help to clinical work.
By applying low-level electrical current to a similarly charged drug solution, iontophoresis repels ions of the drug, thus transporting them across the skin or other membrane.
After pretreated with two different ways which are normal immersion method and microwave immersion method, the melamine monomer's migratory quantity of the sample was determined by HPLC.
Isolation, purification and characterization of an anaerobic methane oxidizer
The ratios of ST/CB for the right and the left were 1.57± 0.17 and 1.61± 0.14 in healthy controls,1.03± 0.28 and 1.02± 0.30 in age matched patients with Parkinson′ s disease, and 1.55± 0.16 and 1.56± 0.18 in age matched patients with Parkinson′ s disease syndrome, respectively.
Test and study on scumming inhibition for magnesite product
Value of ~(18)F-FDG PET-CT scanning in diagnosis of lung carcinoma
Vemurafenib,a BRAFV600E inhibitor,which was approved by FDA for the treatment of late-stage melanoma in 2011,produces improved rates of overall and progression-free survival in patients with the BRAFV600E mutation,making a dramatic breakthrough in melanoma treatment.Vemurafenib is also an individual target drug based on genetic diagnosis.
Preoperative Care
Purpose To investigate the effects on phenotype of parotid duct epithelial cells infected by HCMV.
Spectrum Allocation of Cognitive Radio System Based on Catfish Effect Particle Swarm Optimization Algorithm
The results showed that contents of crude protein, crude fat, Vc, carbohydrates, ash and moisture of fresh muscle were 15.04%, 0.61%, 0.07%, 1.18%, 2.05% and 80.50% respectively
Methods Immunohistochemical PAP method was performed with McAb of IL-6 and TNP-α in 60 cases of esophageal cancer.
Comparison of Hydrolysis of Chinese pine pollen Protein Catalyzed by two Proteases;
Results:As the assist ratio increased,the left atrial and ventricular pressure and left ventricular outflow decreased( p <0 05),whereas the aortic diastolic pressure,outflow of right ventricle and right carotid flow increased( p <0 05);
is a kind of low-heat and high-fiber food, and is rich in vitamin B and other various vitamin and mineral substances
the solution of N-methyl-N-pentyl- beta-alanine so obtain can directly be used for that subsequent bisphosphorylation step
Results:The PAI-1level in4G/4G hormozygous was significantly higher than those in4G/5G heterozygous and5G/5G hormozygous (P<0.01).
The Screening for Suitable Strains of Soybean Dregs Fermentation and the Technique Study.
There are also antibiotic gels, fibers or chips applied directly to the infected pocket.
include oxidative curing via that fatty acid segment of the alkyd,
vaginal wall prolapse and uterus prolapse
Besides, by the elementary research on the radial compressive of blood vessel prosthesis stent, it is known that different parameters have made the different effects on it.
irregular sp02 indicate a pathological status
an artificial spinal disc implant includes a body and a first end plate provided with the body.
To study genes encoding CS3 subunit and auxiliary proteins which are responsible for assembly of CS3 fimbriae.
Objective To investigate the clinical effect of EDTA combined with NaClO root canal irrigation solution in C-shaped canal of chronic apicitis.
DJ-1 gene and Parkinson disease
All vegetation approaches had improved soil enzyme activities to different extent,of which BS and DDB were more effective than IC.However,IC could provide higher quality organic matter which was benefit to soil microbial growth and organic carbon accumulation and thus ameliorated the microbial flora possibly.
b ) following the linkage of at least one htm to the cyclohexyl moiety substituted with two opposing ketone groups, the ketones are reacted for replacement of the ketones by electron acceptor moieties, for example cyano imine groups or a dicyano methylene group.
CYP enzymes are therefore ideal candidates for incorporation into an electrochemical sensor for predicting drug metabolism.
Conclusion Activation of α1- adrenoceptors in the spinal cord attenuates glutamatergic input from primary afferents mainly through GABAB receptors, indicating a presynaptic inhibition in the spinal cord may be involved in the regulation of nociception by the descending noradrenergic system.
For example, the ability of cultured cells to form clones (colonies) may be evaluated as a function of exposure to X-ray dose.
the release lay 98 can be
and like the prior art dispenser delivering on average about 0.29 grams per dose
in other word, allodynia refers to pain result from a stimulus that ordinarily does not elicit a painful response, such as, light pressure, that movement of clothes over the skin, or the application of mild heat or cold.
The age of patients with breast carcinoma was all over 45 years
Therefore,the hybrid rice of JW cytoplasm could endure adequate biomass accumulation of stems,at the same time,its lodging capacity was better than that of WA cytoplasm.
Experience on clinical application of porcelain fused to metal crown bridge
Hormone plus Herbal Medicine for Nephrotic Syndrome
the present invention provide compounds that function as modulator of aldehyde dehydrogenase activity
before, during and / or after treatment with chemotherapy and / or radiotherapy.
the primer for 18S ribosomal RNA were developed and provide by applied biosystems
results : ahf induced by taa resulted in intestinal endotoxemia ( ietm), reduce of glutaminase activity and glutamine utilization, increase of intestinal mucosal permeability
The concentration of the lithium salt in the nonaqueous electrolyte liquid is in the range of, for example, 0.5 mol/L to 3 mol/L.
3) Soil organic carbon and microbial biomass carbon of different fertilizer gradients in the K. humilis meadow were obviously higher at 0-10 cm soil layer,and the contents of the soil organic carbon at 0-40 cm soil layer showed unimodal curve variation with increasing N fertilizer application.
In particular the humanised antibodies have specific binding to and direct killing of human colon tumour cells and display potent immune-mediated cytotoxic activity against human colon cancer cells in vitro using antibody-dependent cell-mediated cytotoxicity (ADCC) and complement dependent cytotoxicity (CDC) assays and in vivo using mouse tumour models.
Perioperative Serum EDLIS Changes in Patients with Acute Severe Head Injury
surgical removal of that vulva
its preparation method comprise: isolating that effective component from HUCHANSU injection with macroporous resin, respectively elute the HP-20 macroporous resin with water and 50% ethanol and separating to obtain ingredients of different polarity,
Chinese magnoliavine fruit can also decrease the level of GPT (glutamate-pyruvate transaminase) in patients with hepatitis.
the compound of the formula i exhibits an inhibitory activity against sodium-dependent glucose transporter being present in the intestine and the kidney of mammalian species,
in order to prepare a stable aqueous suspension containing a water-insoluble active compound,
In addition to applying invertase, one or more maltogenic enzymes are also applied to the simultaneous saccharification reaction.
The invention also concerns a method for treatment of osteoporosis, Paget's disease, metastatic cancer of bone, and other related diseases of bone and skeleton and for prevention of bone breakdown and loss of bone mass and strength by intravaginal administration of bisphosphonates via the vagina and by transvaginal delivery of bisphosphonates to general circulation.
short," modify nucleotides and method useful for nucleic acid sequencing" U. S. Pat. No. 6,579,704, Jun. 17, 2003.
Methods Ninety children were randomized into three groups.Children in group Ⅰ received tramadol propofol combined with sacral block anesthesia, group Ⅱ received ketamine propofol combined with sacral block anesthesia and in group Ⅲ patients received propofol combined with sacral block anesthesia.
A major clinical problem relating to surgical repair or inflammatory disease is adhesion which can occur during the initial phases of the healing process after surgery or disease.
The output of cured tobacco and sun cured tobacco and the output value of cured tobacco and sun cured tobacco separatedly increased, 17.5% and 16.9%, Net incomes separatedly were 980yuan/ha and 712.50yuan/ha
Primary study on a rapid mismatch PCR method to test gyrA and parC mutations in fluoroquinolone-resistant isolates of Salmonella
terminal galactose residue
(4)764 patients of 814 gastric cancer patients were operated tumor,the gastrectomy rate was 93.9%.
The detection of serum samples of 350 sows by the ELISA revealed that the positive rate of sow serum reached 88. 6%.
T lymphocyte subpopulation in senile patients wi th chronic obstruction pulmonary disease
Construction of bi-specific phage antibody against HBsAg and RBC
such that that catalytic activity of the resultant protein remain largely unaltered.
this water and ammonia is reacted with carbon dioxide given off by the plurality of fe pinentors to produce ammonium carbonate or ammonium bicarbonate that may be used to buffer the fermentation reaction inside the plurality of countercurrent fermentors.
The studies by Bacqui et al. (2002) and the pooled analysis of 7 zinc supplementation trials by Bhutta et al. (2000) support the effectiveness of zinc supplement as an adjunct therapy for the management of diarrhea, reducing the duration and severity as well as frequent recurrence of the infection, while a preventive role (i.e., reduction of incidence of diarrhea) of daily zinc supplementation was indicated by Bhandari et al. (2002).
soy protein isolate
Clustering research of TCM syndrome factors and syndrome types Gouty arthritis
Restless legs syndrome is more prevalent among patients with hereditary neuropathy,but not in those with acquired neuropathies.
Comparing the effect of ropivacaine and bupivacaine combined with fentanyl on patient-controlled epidural analgesia after esophageal carcinoma surgery in elderly patients
The Serum Concentration of Soluble CD44v6 and the Expression of CD44v6 in Patients with Gastric Carcinoma
there exists a need for a system and method that allows clinicians to easily organize a plurality of tissue specimen traps used in one or more endoscopy procedures based, for example, on an anatomical location from which each tissue specimen is drawn.
Summary of Background Data. Changes in the precise timing of trunk muscle activation may cause an initial episode of back pain, or contribute to the development of recurrent or chronic symptoms.
The melting curve analysis showed the product was specific to a single peak,with high sensitivity and specificity.
Generally,molecular dynamics can be an effective approach for adsorption simulation of asphaltene molecules.
Molecular Mimicry and Cancers, Obesity, and Other Disorders
Then, the amplification reaction is carried out.
This result indicates that natural genetic transformation occurs not only between“naked”DNA and cells but also between cells. This conclusion is significant in the assessment of both the possibility of intercelluar DNA transfer in natural habitats of microorganisms and the risk of the application of genetically engineered microorganisms (GEMs
The herbicide composition is composed of mesosulfuron-methyl and fluoroglycofen-ethyl, widens weed control spectrum, is capable of controlling and eliminating wheat gramineous weed and broadleaf weed simultaneously, and has obvious synergistic effect, thus, the control effect is enhanced, the dosage of effective ingredients is reduced and the application cost is lowered.
Differentiation in Cultured Leukemic Cells Treated with Dicysteine Selenium
Conclusion Regular home visit and health education improve extremity rehabilitation of patients with thoracic and lumbar vertebral fracture and reduce the occurrence of complications,and also effectively resolve the problem of insufficient posthospital care.
Furthermore ,, in the absence of the heterologous D - amino acid oxidase being co-expressed in the floral tissues , the plastocyanin / PAT gene combination provides essentially complete reproductive tolerance with no significant loss of yield despite the PAT expression level being low or non-existent in many of the critical floral tissues when expressed under control of this promoter region .
In morphine dependent model of rats, co_administration of riluzole (2.5 and 5
A promoter inducible by certain alcohols or ketones, such as ethanol, may also be used to confer inducible expression of a coding sequence of the present invention.
Relationship Between Glutathione S-Transferase M1,T1 Genetic Polymorphisms, Smoking and Alcohol Consumption and Susceptibility to Stomach Cancer
The splenic DCs in the mice were isolated using magnetic beads and Mini MACS magnetic separation.MHC-Ⅱ and MARCH1 mRNA and protein expression were determined using real-time PCR and Western blotting analysis.The relationship between MHC-Ⅱ and MARCH1 expression and the development of MODS were then analyzed.
PREPARATION OF HIGH SOLID CONTENT VAE/PVAc COMPOSITE LATEX
The background layer 21 may be made of transparent polymer resin, in particular, ultraviolet (UV) curing transparent resin
The Reaction of Substituted Phenols with Hydrosilanes catalyzed by Potassium Fluoride
study on adsorption and thermal oxidation of Zn on SiC surface by SR photoemission
LVH increases the risk of cardiovascular morbidity and mortality,and is an independent risk factor for sudden death,coronary heart disease,congestive heart failure.
The sequence is useful in diagnosis and may be modified by mutation to generate new influenza A variant strains.
I. Bifunctional Therapeutic Molecules
study on absorption spectra of malignant plasma of esophagus
Value of Transvaginal Ultrasonography and Color Doppler Energy in Diagnosis on Small Ovarian Masses;
In one experiment, Dr. Diering and his colleagues created a tiny window through which they could peer into mouse brains. Then he and his colleagues added a chemical that lit up a surface protein on brain synapses.
Antihypertensive NO.1 on the Spontaneously Hypertensive Rat Brain Cortical Tissue Protection
The stable inheritance of the Erwinia crtB gene in tomato and its spatial and temporal expression in ripening fruit has le
The formation mechanism of nanometer CuO was also discussed through crystal phase analysis.X-ray powder diffraction(XRD),contact angle measurements,surface-reflection IR spectra and scanning electron microscope(SEM) were respectively employed to characterize the structures of the composite film.The results showed that the superhydrophobic composite films with different morphologies were successfully prepared.
the annular pad34of that medial or lateral to form a conical surface can improve the gasket34to post31adhesion.
the strain has that advantage of high glutamate decarboxylase activity and strong acid resistance
Objective:To study the changes of perioperative platelet agglutination rate in patients of different ABO blood groups.
Background of the Invention Cilostazol is a representative intracellular cAMP PDE (cyclic AMP phosphodiesterase) inhibitor and has been known to play significant roles in the suppression of the blood coagulation, the promotion of the central blood circulation, anti-inflammation and anti-ulcer actions, the prevention and treatment of asthma and cerebral infarction, and the improvement of the cerebral circulation, by decreasing platelet coagulation and dilating the arteries through the inhibition of PDE activity.
systemic lupus erythematosus patient with anemia and erythropoietin
The assembly according to claim 1, wherein the activator which promotes the decomposition of H2O2 is selected from group consisting of sodium bicarbonate, laponite, zeolites, calcium peroxide, sodium hydroxide, sodium metasilicate and a mixture thereof
THE PATHOGENICITIES AND BIOLOGIC CHARACTERISTICS OF THE PATHOGENS (AEROMONAS SPP.) CAUSED THE SEPTICEMIA OF PENAEUS CHINENSIS
Effect of Meal Antioxidant on the Aged Cataract
The clinical diagnosis and treatment of mycoplasma pneumoniae pneumonia
has been determined. The evaporative rate ofwater can be controlled efficiently by the apparatus designed. Highoptical homogeneity bulk crystals with perfact shape has been grown upto 36. 6×27. 2×15. 2mm in size from the solution which contained rare-ea-rth oxide and phosphoric acid.
Curative Effect of Nasal Continuous Positive Airway Pressure(NCPAP) and NCPAP Combined with Ambroxol Hydrochloride on Neonatal Respiratory Distress Syndrome
Objective To design a stimulator using cranial electrotherapy stimulation, and do research in its effect on α EEG.
the reaction mixture side stream is locate between that first cleavage reaction product withdrawal point 20 and the first cleavage reactor feed point 22
22 . an inhaler as claimed in Claim 21 , which is charged with a combination of medicaments selected from the group consisting of beclomethasone and formoterol ; beclomethasone and salmeterol ; fluticasone and formoterol ; fluticasone and salmeterol ; budesonide and formoterol ; budesonide and salmeterol ; flunisolide and formoterol ; flunisolide and salmeterol ; ciclesonide and salmeterol ; ciclesonide and formoterol ; mometasone and salmeterol ; and mometasone and formoterol .
Dialectical therapy is carried out clinically according to different symptoms.
Alzheimer 's disease is typically treated by acetylcholine esterase inhibitors such as tacrine hydrochloride or donepezil .
We recorded age, gender, dominance of hand, laterality, mechanism of injury, initial method of reduction, post-reduction treatment method, initiation of physiotherapy, duration of physiotherapy and time taken to return to work
Dynamic comparison between degree of liver injury and state of liver regeneration after hepatectomy in rats
Clinical Observation of Integrated Traditional Chinese and Western Medicine in the Treatment of Viral Myocarditis Accompanied with Ventricular Arrhythmia
Preparation and properties of PVA-based metal chelated nanofiber membrane
Traditional Chinese medicine for curing syndrome of dampness retention in middle energizer, and preparation method thereof
Here,we extract snow area from MOD02 HKM images,one of the three MODIS L1B products(MOD02 QKM,MOD02 HKM,MOD02 1KM) at 500m spatial resolution for the Tianshan Mountains.We test the SVM method combined with a snow component of spectral mixture analysis and texture feature extraction by GLCM using MODIS data to extract snow area information.
mixed strains
Objective To analyze the status of pathogenic strain distribution in blood culture and their antimicrobial-resistant trend.
abstract: Objective: To investigate the effect of enteral nutrition for gastroparesis after abdominal surgery
Molecular Modeling and Molecular Drug Design Based on κ-Opioid Receptor
Further, catalyst particles 205 are selectively arranged on hydrogen ion (proton) conduction paths 203 that are coated by an acidic group of the polymer 202.
The system may further comprise a removal system positioned downstream of the oxidation catalyst configured to remove higher order NxOy molecules from the gas stream by aqueous absorption or reaction.
Localized elevation of shear stress is related to coronary plaque rupture3-dimensional intravascular ultrasound study with in-vivo color mapping of shear stress distribution.
Diabetes patients need to measure the blood sugar level (glucose level) regularly, and inject insulin based on the blood sugar level to maintain a normal blood sugar level.
cytokines with adjuvant activity, in particular GM-CSF, interleukin-(IL-)2, IL-6, IL-7, IL-18, type I and II, interferons, in particular interferon-gamma, TNF-alpha;
Influence of Silencing Pokemon Gene with siRNA on Radiation Sensitivity of CNE-2 Cell
The morphology and structure of active carbon were observed by SEM and FT-IR, the chemical composition is similar with the sample by KOH/NaOH activation or single-KOH/NaOH activation. The capsicum straw activated charcoal had enriched and developed cellular pore structure, but the sample by KOH/NaOH activation was found more mesopore and some measure of macropore
Conclusion: Acetabular tuberculosis alters the stress distribution at the hip
CI and CH groups with hyperglycemia were higher than the normal blood sugar group. CH group with hypertension, hemorrhage of digestive tract was higher than the normal blood pressure group and nonhemorrhage of digestive tract group.
The polydispersity (molecular weight distribution or MWD or Mw/Mn in which Mw is weight average molecular weight and Mn is number average molecular weight) of the P-E copolymer generally ranges from at least 2.0, preferably at least 2.3, and especially at least 2.4 to 4.0, preferably 3.0, and especially 2.8.
The significance of fibroblast growth factor 7 mRNA expression in benign prostate hyperplasia tissue
Synthesis and Characterization of α-Tetra-alkylphenyloxy Substituted Metal Phthalocyanines
Experimental Study on the Effect of Vitamin C on Prevention from Oxidative Injury of Contusive Injury of the Rabbit Retina
4) selecting the genomic DNA fragment, which was introduced in step (2) into the plant selected in step (3), as a purposed genomic DNA fragment;
Transcatheter arterial embolization with pingyangmycin-lipiodol of hepatic hemangioma
METHODS: RP HPLC analysis was carried out by using Spherisorb C 18 column and methanol water glacial acetic acid (20:80:0.1)as the mobile phase, the detection wavelength was 317 nm.
Objective: To explore the association of polymorphisms in calcineurin genes with elite endurance athlete performance.
With the application of techniques and methods employed in genomics,such as a large number of mapped molecular markers,BAC libraries,mutant collections and DNA arrays,the sequencing of barley genome has deepen increasingly.More and more information about the barley genome pave the way for a comprehensive analysis of structural and functional genomics of barley as well as understanding of gene expression networks linked to agronomically important traits.
Assessment of foscarnet in the treatment of cytomegalovirus antigenemia after renal transplantation
helmet 99 a induce flexion of that neck with anterior translational motion of the head or extension of the neck with posterior translational motion of the head.
Conclusion Four among five sections of Yellow River system present microbial contamination in different degree,and there are significant correlations between microbial indicators.
heat-labile antigen
Methods Symptomatology,neuroelectrophysiology and neuroimaging were used to evaluate the origin of epileptogenic foci comprehensively.66 cases with refractory epilepsy accepted the surgical treatment,including temporal lobe surgery,corpus callosotomy et al.
To investigate the relationship between the cardioprotective effect of monophosphoryl lipid A(MLA) and production of metallothionein (MT), the present study observed the effect of MLA precoditioning on ischemia/ reperfusion (I/R) injury of perfused rat heart and myocardial MT content.
study on effect of high pressure on extraction of polyphenols from apple residue
The therapeutic methods of the invention may optionally include co-administration of still other immunomodulating drugs or anti-inflammatory agents, examples of which may comprise a calcineurin inhibitor, e. g. cyclosporins or ascomycins, and their immunosuppressive analogs, e. g. cyclosporin A, FK-506; cyclophosphamide; azathioprene; methotrexate; brequinar; leflunomide; mizoribine; mycophenolic acid; mycophenolate mofetil; 15-deoxyspergualine or analogues; immunosuppressive monoclonal antibodies, e. g., monoclonal antibodies to leukocyte receptors, e. g., to MHC, CD2, CD3, CD4, CD7, CD25, CD28, B7, CD40, CD45, or CD58 or to their ligands; or other immunomodulatory compounds, e. g. CTLA4-lg or a homolog or mutant thereof, e. g.
Mutation of a critical lysine (lys45) to alanine abolished these activities.
such as for example a kit comprise a composition comprising one or more omega-6 fatty acid and one or more omega-3 fatty acids in a total omega-6 to total omega-3 fatty acid ratio of from about 1 to less than 5
the object of the present invention can be achieved by providing a red phosphorescence compound that is indicated as formula 1 below: formula 1 wherein represents herein each of rl, r2, r3, and r4 may be one of substituted or non-substituted cl to c6 alkyl groups with disregard of one another.
The filling density of the active material particles 23 in the electrode material mixture layer 22 is equal to the filling density of the active material particles 13 in the electrode material mixture layer 12.
Objective To investigate the correlation between immunophenotype and c-MYC rearrangement in diffuse large B-cell lymphoma(DLBCL).
The 27 pathogenic strains for Chuanxiangyou3, isolated from more man 10 rice varieties such as Gangyou725 in 8 counties(towns) of Sichuan, belonged to ZA, ZB group, ZA_1、ZA_5、 ZA_13、 ZB_1、ZB_5、ZB_7、 ZB_13 7 races
A Study on the Relationship of Post-stroke Depression and Psychosocial Factors
(2) Not be displaced more than 102 mm perpendicularly and posterior of the displaced extended torso reference line during the application of a 373 ± 7.5 Nm moment about the H-point; and
And about 80 percent of Alzheimer patients who live at home are cared for by family members
A Study on Visfatin mRNA Expression in Visceral Abdominal Subcutaneous Adipose Tissues of Obesity and Type 2 Diabetes Patients
Study on Movement Intervention for Type II Diabetes in Middle-aged and Elderly;
the invention relates to a traditional Chinese medical composition, a preparation method thereof and use thereof.in the invention, erigeron breviscapus, ginseng or ginseng stem leaf and borneol are used as crude medicaments and active ingredients of the erigeron breviscapus, ginseng or ginseng stem leaf and borneol are extracted respectively, required preparations are prepared according to the conventional preparation methods of the preparations, and the preparations are used for preventing and treating diseases including cerebral infarction, cerebral ischemia, coronary disease, angina pectoris, myocardial ischemia, myocardial infarction, heart failure or arrhythmia and the like.
Conclusion: ZhuangYao QuFeng ZhenTongTang and stone-beat method are effective in treating lumbar disc protrusion remarkably.
MTT (3-(4,5-dimethylthiazol-2-yl)-2,5-di-pheny- ltet-razolium bromide) assay revealed that the activity of the purified protein expressed solubly was higher than that in the form of inclusion body in Escherichia coli rhFGF8a-pET-22b(+)-Rosetta(DE3
The semicarbazones may be applied in the form of dusts, granules, solutions, emulsions, wettable powders, flowables and suspensions.
In addition to that, cyclodextrin modification seemed to stabilise the release rate of the therapeutically active agent after the initial burst, as the total decrease of the gestodene release was from the second to the third week only 0.5 %, while for the reference samples the decrease was 8.4 % and 11 %.
Conclusion The obstetric discharge process standardization can shorten the discharge time,improve nursing work efficiency,and is more beneficial to the ward management.
in a preferred embodiment, that reagent kit include recombination and natural HIV-1, HIV-2, smallpox, polio virus, herpes simplex virus, hepatitis C virus, hepatitis B virus EB virus, and adenovirus specific oligonucleotide primer pair
Objective: To study the function of Rbkinesin-6 in mitosis in human pulmonary adenocarcinoma cell line A549. Method: esiRNA technique was used to systematically analyze the function of Rbkinesin-6 protein in mitosis in A549 cells
influence of that Sijunzi decoction on the intestinal Flora in a mice model with" spleen deficiency"
In a separate study called TORCH (Towards a Revolution in COPD Health), trial patients were randomized to a combination treatment (fluticasone and salmeterol), each of the agents alone or placebo [NCT00268216] (Calverley, Anderson et al. 2007).
Study of nutritional and immunol indicators on gravida and neonates
Conclusion: The transgenic tomato which express chimeric protein PAcA/CTB effectively induce local mucosal immune response and systemic immune response.
Study of monoclonal anti-idiotype antibody that bears the internal image of nasopharyngeal carcinoma associated antigen
13 patients were performed on laparotomy becauseof misdiagnoss, of whom 11 were misdiagnosed as acute appendicitis and appendical perforation, 1 as cholecystitis. and choledolithiasis (7. 7%), 1 as ovary luteal rupture (7. 7%).
The successful rate has increased by using polyglycolic sutures and improvement of technique and management since 1990.Conclusions The bladder mucosa graft or internal preputial flap urethroplasty is the best procedure for different type of hypospadias repair in children.
In the single-plate group,there were 5 cases appeared with medial bone fragment dislocating in 3 weeks postoperation,among them 4 got nonunion,and 3 got union after bone grafting,1 with plate broken; The group of double-plates have no complications such as above-mentioned,compared in the 2 groups,the divergence was a meaning of statistics( P <0.05).
The probability of chance association between random individuals was calculated as 3.8×10-10. It seems reasonable to conclude that (CAC)5/(GTG)5 fingerprints are completely individual-specific.
if that nutritional product is a milk-based pow such as growing up milk, instant milk pow, or functional milk powder, a standardised milk is prepared.
Conclusion Three-dimensional digitizing reconstruction and individual emulational surgery have important significance in diagnosis and treatment of complicated hepatolithiasis by minimally invasive technique.
Compounds 1-3 showed weak cytotoxicities against two tumor cell lines MCF-7 and NCI-H460 in a MTT assay.
The combined toxicity of sodium antimony gluconate (SAG_(sb)~v) and tartar emetic (PAT_(sb)~Ⅲ) was analysed in mice according to Loewe's method. It was found that when sodium antimony gluconate in the doses of 1/4, 1/2, and 3/4 respectively of its LD_(50) was used in combination with tartar emetic, a marked antagonistic effect in their toxicities occured
Acute and Long-term Toxicities of Chinese Cobra(Naja naja atra)Venom Cytotoxin in Experimental Animals
the carboxylic acid concentrate comprises about 60 to about 85 weight percent of the polymer resin and about 15 to about 40 weight percent of the carboxylic acid compound.
Influence of the parameters of HTT(hydrothermal treatment) and hydrolysis process in the technology for aqueous enzymatic extraction of corn germ oil on the color, the value of acid and peroxide of corn germ oil was studied
that is a non- fried instant cooking dry noodles containing oil in an amount comprised between 0 and 3 % , said oil being in the dough , having a moisture content below 5 % and comprising further wheat flour , potato and tapioca starch and a small amount of a flavour , which is a reaction product between oil , wheat flour and a concentrate kansui comprising sodium chloride , sodium carbonate , potassium carbonate and sodium polyphosphate .
the present invention is directed to novel nucleic acid molecules which include a region complementary to a target gene and one or more self-complementary regions, and the use of such nucleic acid molecules and compositions comprising the same to modulate gene expression and treat a variety of diseases and infections.
【Conclusion】This study obtained the best process to extraction and purification of total flavonoids from suspension cultured S. involucratacells.
the resistance level to azoxystrobin and mycelial growth rate of 40 single-conidium progeny of mutant B9-R2 reduce by 22. 6% and 39. 6% respectively after 10 generation of subculture in that absence of fungicide, and decreased by 19. 1% and 29. 4% respectively after incubation at 4 ℃ for 30 d
Method Investigate 121 leprosy involved patients face-to-face by self-designed questionnaire on community nursing needs.
The mixture was cooled to 15.d egree. C. and the solid was collected, washed with pyridine, and dried to give 47.69 grams of a yellow solid.
Method One hundred and sixteen patients with cerebral infarction were randomly allocated to treatment(mind-regulating and meridian-unblocking acupuncture) and control(conventional acupuncture) groups.The therapeutic effect and changes in blood lipids were observed in the two groups.
Long-term follow-up of high-dose chronochemotherapy with autologous bone marrow transplantation for non-Hodgkin's lymphoma
Objective:To study the clinical effect of a new method in the treatment of Angle classⅡ division 2 malocclusion
These results indicate that there is a correlation between the expression level of snail gene and the expression enhancing capability for FoxP3
The image analysis showed that in the model group the area of collagen in the whole lung was expanded obviously. The expansion of subepithelial area in alveolar ducts, bronchia(diameter below 90 μm) and bronchi(diameter over 129 μm) was not obvious, but that in medium-sized bronchia(diameter between 90 and 129 μm) was obvious
contact points between the femoral component and the tibial component translate in the anterior / posterior direction and rotate axially .
Applying PCR Technique to Examine the Gene Expression of sp3 and ApoE Genotype
Effects of Valeriana officinalisvar. latifolia on Expression of Transforming Growth Factorβ_1 in Hypercholesterolemic Rats
inhibitory effect of Acanthopanax gracilistylus saponins on human platelet aggregation and platelet factor 4 liberation in vitro 1
Zhongjing’s Six Formulae on Treating Pregnant Vomit
All of these 5 cases resulted in good shape and appearance at the repair sites,without the problems including head up rotation dysfunctions,oral closure dysfunction or everted lower lips.
Results: The colonyforming ability of the K562 cells that were transfected with pRc/p53 cDNA plasmid in the colony culture in vitro was much lower than that of control
Experimental Study of Shenshuaiyangzhen Capsule Therapy on Anaemia in Rats with Chronic Renal Failure
The diagnosis and management of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease: practice guideline by the American Gastroenterological Association, American Association for the Study of Liver
Studies on Flavonoids in the Fallen Leaf of Metasequoia glyptostroboides Huet Cheng and Antioxidation of Its Leaf
The meaning of optic nerve regeneration is the regrowth reaction after optic nerve amputation. People has attached importance to the effect of macrophages in optic nerve regeneration.
To analyse and compare the clinical effect of two kinds of anesthesia methods.
PROBE INTO QUALITY OF CLINICAL MEDICAL SPECIALIZED MASTER DEGREE OF OPHTHALMOLOGY
The results showed different management had notable influence on grape's frost mildew, the better the management was, the light the disease occurred.
The effects of silver nitrate,glucose,cenosphere loadage,sodium hydroxide and anhydrous alcohol on silver utilization ratio and the weight gain rate,conductivity,binding strength,etc. of the coating were investigated by single factor analysis.The surface morphology and structure of the coating were analyzed by SEM and XRD.
The guar gum is modified by a cationizing agent comprising an ammonium group, wherein the degree of substitution of the cationizing agent is from about 0.070 to less than 0.30.
Each child will be manifested in varying degrees;of course,this is the biggest obstacle to admission to adapt of newborn infants and young children.Therefore,it’s a great concern on the resulting separation causes anxiety and how to better adapt to it.
(ii) polymer domains 3 that confer hydrophilicity to the material, and (iii) polymer domains 4 that confer biostability to the material, specifically domains comprising polycarbonate-type structures.
The result desired from any therapeutic intervention is to assist in normalizing the force couple and minimizing over-control, as in this case the extrinsic flexors of the hand.
Antibiotic-impregnated cement and beads for orthopaedic infections
include a vacuum mechanism or that like for draw the excised tissue into the colectomy device 102 for lat removal along with the steerable colonoscope 100.
Objective:To investigate whether the thalamic dorsal neurons suffer toxic damage from intraventricular hematoma.
hyperactivityhyperkinesia hyperkinetic syndrome
This article introduced the production method for mitotic chromosomes observation in broad bean root tip cells and used as the materials for the genetics experiment curriculum.The ideal specimen of mitotic chromosomes observation was prepared and the main features of each phase of cell cycle,in particular chromosomal changes,could be observed.
the present invention relate to new trimethoxyphenyl inhibitors of tyrosine kinase, pharmaceutical composition thereof, and methods of use thereof
2) FG cells are normally epithelioid in morphology and transparent.
A colorless,volatile,flammable liquid,C2H5OH,synthesized or obtained by fermentation of sugars and starches and widely used,either pure or denatured,as a solvent and in drugs,cleaning solutions,explosives,and intoxicating beverages.
Based on the analysis of the survival expanding curve formed from the individual survival and breeding, the animal marriage could be divided into three kinds of forms, i.e. consanguinity, communal and dual marriage.
the 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl coenzyme A synthase gene which is provide by that invention can increase the content of camptothecin alkaloid in plants such as camptotheca and the like through the genetic engineer technology
The invention provides a nitrogen methyl side chain-substituted triadimenol antifungal compound, namely a 1-(1H-1, 2, 4-triazole-1-yl)-2-(2, 4-difluoro phenyl)-3-(N-methyl side chain-substituted amino)-2-propyl alcohol compound (comprising a racemate thereof, and an R type or S type isomer), and hydrochloride, nitrate, hydrobromide and methane sulfonate and a preparation method of the compound.
The paper studied effect of different doses of Tanshinone on human polymorphonuclear leucocyte chemokinesis by agarose microdroplet assay.
survey and analysis of infection in hospital for 780 malignancy case
the anticancer active constituents being platinum-group compounds, anti-metabolism, anti-cancer drugs, anticancer antibiotics or topoisomerase inhibitor,
the water may be stirred or otherwise agitated during the removal process.
Most otologists have employed mastoid dressings routinely following middle ear procedures through postauricular incisions in order to provide wound dressings and to prevent complications.
For example, the second medical fluid may include a biocompatible flush, such as heparin solution, sterilized water, glucose solution, saline, or another suitable substance.
conventional glucose monitoring systems are somewhat limited in the feature that they provide to facilitate the monitoring of blood glucose levels.
Comparison of cytotoxicity of umbilical cord CD3AK to different cancer cell
Clinical observation report of 56 cases of type Ⅱdiabetes mellitus treated by comprehensive therapy in Which Huitang crenotherapy is chief
Healthy maw is relatively fixed going up celiac, when the person stands, gastric nadir cannot exceed below hilum 2 horizontal strokes to point to (point to) of gastric small turn.
Quasispecies Sequence Analyses of Envelope Protein E1/E2 Coding Genes from four Chinese HCV Patients and Identification of a Novel Insertion Mutation of HCV
Two features of gouging were concluded from the results,which would lend itself to study of mechanism and elimination of gouging.
Two-time focusing device for ultrasonic tumor therapeutic machine
A certain dosage of X-irradiation can enhance the functional and structural recovery of the injured spinal cord of rats
additional amyloglucosidase enzyme may be added,
Methods:25 patients with parotid gland diseases were performed MR sialography by using IR-FSE sequences after common MR scanning.Then 200 mg Vit C were administered keeping in the mouth and MR sialography were performed 3 min later.All images of parotid ducts were comparsd.
Methods This prospective randomized study involved 38 patients (42 eyes) with acute primary angle-closure glaucoma after trabeculectomy from Dec 2005 to Mar 2006, including 17 males (19 eyes) and 21 females (23 eyes), with age from 47 to 82 (averaged 52.1). All of the patients had no systemic immunological diseases.
Triacylglyceride (triglyceride) An ester of glycerol in which all the-OH groups are esterified;the acyl groups may be the same or different.
Mean value in patients was 69.8±48.4ng/ml control 28.1±18.7ng/ml ( p< 0.05. difference significant). Myocardial injury inspatients with diabetes mellitus could be resulted from: the alteration of substrate concentrarion, disturbance in myocardium metabolism, myocardial spotty necrosis, diabetic microangiopathies, autonomous neuropathies etc
Desmoglein 3 \ A desmosomal cadherin that is an autoantigen in the acquired skin disorder PEMPHIGUS VULGARIS.
the pests which may be combated and controlled by the use of the invention compounds include those pests associated with agriculture ( which term includes the growing of crops for food and fibre products ) , horticulture and animal husbandry , companion animals , forestry and the storage of products of vegetable origin ( such as fruit , grain and timber ) ; those pests associated with the damage of man-made structures and the transmission of diseases of man and animals ; and also nuisance pests ( such as flies ) .
The Physiological Effects of Ca~(2+)-ATPase Inhibitors on Ripening and Senescence of Peach Fruit
The protective effects of captopril on myocardial ischemic reperfusion injury
Preparation, characterization and application of monoclonal antibodies to Fc fragment of Ig fusion protein
primarily cultured kidney cell
in fig. 6 show a graph of mobility versus charged lipid concentration,
The Acrididae here dealt with were collected during the entomological expeditionsto Tibet in the years 1960-1961. The collection contains 9 species distributed in 3 sub-families and 7 genera, of which 1 genus and 1 species are described as new. All single specimens and the holotype are kept in the Institute of Zoology, AcademiaSinica. The new genus and species are characterized as follows: Tibetacris, n. gen. While the present genus is very close to Helioscirtus Sauss. and Hyalorrhipis Sauss., on the lateral
DHA is an important nutrient which is present in high concentrations in the cell membranes of the brain and eye and is involved in a number of crucial processes in the body.
Objective Multiple myeloma(MM) was characterized by cloning proliferation of terminally differentiated plasma cells.
Approximate time interval from morbidity to death
A Study on the Blending of PAE and Poly(butyl acrylate) -core/PMMA-shell Latex
somatosensory evoke potentials in patient with diabetes mellitus
It was shown that macrodispersivtty included three parts , they are the contributions from the covariance of unsaturated conductivity, the cross-covariance of unsaturated conductivity and adsorption coefficient,and the Co-variance of the adsorption coefficient.
Application of Sports Mathematics in Analysis of Athletes′ Physiological Model building Quotas
example 1 preparation of soybean paste with a reduced aging period soybeans were molded, dried and fermented according to the conventional method, followed by soak in 20 25 % salt water for 90 days.
Assessment of left ventricular function using breath-hold cine MR imaging in healthy adults aged over 55
the increased affinity was due to approximately 3-fold slower rate of dissociation from both ligands .
The composition can be used for skin care, relief of hangover, and promotion of infantile intelligence development, and can also be used as health product for patients suffering from gastric and duodenal ulcer, gastritis, hypertension, heart disease, diabetes, arthritis, and cancer.
Heck reaction was employed to synthesize stilbene derivatives by utilizing 1,3-divinyl-1,1,3,3-tetramethyldisiloxane(DVS) as the ethylene source.The effects of the starting material molar ratio,reaction temperature and reaction time on the yield were investigated.
Study in Diagnosis of Small Hepatocellular Carcinoma using Ultrasound and 16 Multislice scan
Preliminary Study on the Therapeutic Basis of FengLiaoChangWeiKang in Treatment of Acute Gastroenteritis
EXPRESSION OF ENDOGENIC BONE MORPHOGENETIC PROTEIN IN REPAIRING RABBIT SKULL WITH TISSUE ENGINEERING TECHNIQUE
Cks1,P27~(Kip1) and Skp2 protein expression in colorectal cancer
high level of IAA modify that polarity of root formation on segment inserted upside down and sucrose increase the function of IAA
The optimal conditions for the synthesized culture medium of Clostridium perfringens A type is confirmed that the most suitable pH is about 8. 0~8.5;the method of sterilisation in autoclave is 116 ℃,30 min;the used water is deionic water.
the nutritional assessment on patient with liver disease
TREATMENT OF LARYNX DERIVED COUGH WITH MODIFIED QINGYAN NINGSHOU DECOCTION: REPORT OF 126 CASES
Relative to JWA 723 T/T genotype,the age and sex adjusted OR for T/G was 1. 21(95%CI:0.94-1. 57),the adjusted OR for G/G was 1. 49 (95%CI:0.
the level of overexpression was similar at all tested ages ( not shown ) and the rest of expreiments in the present study were performed on adult mice at ages between 2.5 and 6 months .
CD24 is mainly expressed in hematopoietic cell, beside the expression in thymus cell and epithelial cells of brain and pancreas
In chronic viral hepatitis there is equilibrium between the host’s immunity and viral replication, resulting in immunosuppression that doesn’t inhibit viral replication.
CONCLUSIONS: The GP73 has better sensitivity and specificity than AFP.The sensitivity of the joint test is better than the single detection.
Comparation of the efficacy of telbivudine and entecavir for treating 144 weeks of patients with chronic hepatitis B
In general, it is preferred that present compositions are in a form suitable for delivery to the particular site on or in the human or other mammal needing treatment, or to a site which is the preferred location for introduction into the body, even if the treatment or diagnosis is required at other areas.
Characterization of highly pathogenic porcine reproductive and respiratory syndrome virus HuN4 strain in the course of attenuation
Result:Compared with control group,RVEDA and RVESA in RHF group were significantly increased,while TAPSE,Sm,BS and MS were significantly decreased(all P<0.01).
The results of hydroxyproline concentration showed that the collagen degradation increased at 3 d and peaked at 7 d after de-endothelialization, about 1.6 times compared with the control
Objective To understand the current status of nutritional therapy for type 2 diabetic patients in community,and analyze their demands,so as to effectively provide a guidance to medical nutritional therapy.
Electrophysiological effects were detected immediately and 40 d after the nerve injury.
Elevation of Concentration of Autologous Bone Marrow Mesenchymal Stem Cells Induced by Experimental exsanguination
Comparing the year of 2005 to 2002, the rate of RTI symptom occurring was lower, the scores of knowledge about RTI and the usage of condom were higher.
The results of orthogonal array optimization indicated that the optimal low-temperature extraction conditions were extraction for 3 h at 20 ℃ and a tea/water ratio of 1:50
The recent progress of hypoxia receptor genes in plateau mammals was reviewed in this paper.The profiling of hypoxia receptors in plateau mammals will help us to understand how mammals adopt to the hypoxia environment in highland.
Comparison between the DNA fingerprinting and the serological method used for paternity test is presented. 32 cases of disputed paternity were tested using DNA fingererints with MYO minisatellite DNA probe and blood typing. The results of DNA fingerprinting test correlated with those of blood typing
Anoikis is defined as a special form of programmed cell death,which is induced by inadequate or inappropriate cell-matrix interactions.
Sterol Regulatory Element Binding Protein 2 :A sterol regulatory element binding protein that regulates GENES involved in CHOLESTEROL synthesis and uptake
forest fatal shade
A Clinical Observation on Treating Children Bronchopneumonia with the Combination of Chinese and Western Medicine
This present study was conducted to compare the moisture,crude protein,crude lipid,ash,minerals,amino acids and fatty acids in abdominal foot muscles of different sizes of Hemifusus tuba(50,100,200,300 and 400 g).
Study of CFTR Gene Mutations and Testicular Ultrastructure and ICSI of Congenital Obstructive Azoospermia
Multivariate logistic regression analysis revealed that uterine inertia(OR ?
Results Among 98 cases, there were 55 cases in normal group, 16 in group with bone invasion, and 27 in group with bone destruction.
They are molecular chaperones and are involved in protein folding.
Objective To investigate the association between ATP-binding cassette transporter A1(ABCA1) gene polymorphism and coronary heart disease(CHD) in Xinjiang Uygur and Han, as well as the differences of genotypes and alleles distribution between Uygur and Han.
The-State-of-Art of Study on Preparation of Micro-particle polymers
Diagnosis, Treatment and Protection of Early Deep Fungal Infection After Liver Transplantation
suspension chip-based multiple solid phase amplification detection method
can be used for treating chronic cardiac failure,angina pectoris, cardiac origin edema and coronary disease.
An experimental study of the cultivation, identification and differentiation induction of bone marrow stromal stem cells into osteoblasts
An electrostatic latent image toner in which the quantity within the toner of alkyl carboxylate esters formed from a carboxylic acid containing from approximately 3 to 5 carbon atoms and an alkyl group containing from approximately 3 to 5 carbon atoms is no more than approximately 4 ppm.
The Role of the B7/CD28 Costimulatory Molecules Family in the Pathogenesis of Kawasaki Disease;
Results Barium study (gastro-intestinal) and CT scan are sensitive in detect extraluminal type of duodenum tumor and B type ultrasound, endoscopy are less valuable
The evaluation of short-term effect of Iodine-125 seed brachytherapy of middle-late stage cancer
The low THCV BDS dose group also had a mortality rate half that of the vehicle control group (30% vs 60
After examining the effects of F 1 and F 3 on S180 mice's tumor growth by intraperitoneal injection, we found that both F 1 and F 3 could inhibit the tumor growth, and F 3 was more effective than F 1.
We conducted a study to determine whether the genetically determined percentage of African ancestry is associated with lung function and whether its use could improve predictions of lung function among persons who identified themselves as
the delivery of bone void filling / stabilizing materials to anatomic locations can be accomplished by direct placement to the void site in an open surgical setting, or by percutaneous delivery to the void site by means of delivery devices.
Methods:A total of 31 patients without cerebral infarction aged 50~68 years were enrolled as control group.Another 70 cases with transient unconsciousness complicated old cerebral infarction aged ≥70 years were enrolled as observation group.Blood pressure before and after three meals of all subjects were measured,compared and analyzed.
Clinical Observation of Impulse Treatment with Methylprednisolone in High or Complete Atrioventricilar Block
The gene polymorphisms of DC-SIGN repeat region were determined by PCR and agarose gel electrophoresis to analyze correlation of BCG immune effect with the gene polymorphism.
The IgA antibodies were detected in 36 cases of congenital infect-ed melformation newborns, 32 recently and 30 chronically acquired infection cases, and 15 patients of toxoplasmosis who were continually observed before and after treatment.
the recurrence rates of combination group was obvi-ously lower than control group (P < 0. 01
catalyst of the instant invention as well as similar catalysts omitting one or more of these elements or additionally including elements detrimental to acrylonitrile production, were prepared and then evaluated under similar reaction conditions.
Treatment of depression with Mirtazapine combined psychological intervention
ih still another embodiment of that present invention, there is disclose a method for determir a patient's cardiovascular risk level starting point through stratify or categorizing a patient's cardiovascular risk factors into a risk level, prescribing the appropriate composition dosage base on level, and moving the patient to a more favorable risk level within a prescribed period of time called 1 endpoint preferably, the risk level improvement will be one risk level within about 2 to about 6 months, more preferably one risk level within about three months.
Acdrile; Methyl Cysteine
Conclusion: The detection rate of pathogens were relatively high in infertile women,it is important to select antibiotics according to the susceptibility test and the types of pathogens to prevent the production of antibiotic resistant strains.
Applying SEPTIN1SR1 in autoimmune disease patent can stimulate abruption retention or apoptosis of lymphocyte in specificity but not affect growth and proliferation of other immunocyte so that it can increase fraction surviving,
3 The expression of VEGF and b FGF was heterogeneous.
The parameters of the control unit and also of the actuator can be adjusted by the physician after the implantation of the device during the postoperative consultations
According to the invention, at least one solid catalyst is circulated downwards in the pulsed column in counterflow to the liquid reaction mixture or, more generally, to each liquid reaction mixture and this solid catalyst used has a particle size different from that of each of the solid selective extraction compounds so that the solid mixture of solid catalyst and solid selective extraction compound can be separated by sieving.
Complications of lumbar interbody fusion with threaded fusion cages
Photoluminescence and Electroluminescence of Polymer and Organic Dye Multilayer Films Fabricated by LB Technique
Results:GBR1a mRNA expression levels are increased in cortex, hippocampus CA 1 and CA 3 and thalamus, especially in cortex and hippocampus CA 3 region.
the probe need to be sterilise after use on each patient to prevent cross contamination
The concentration of NH3 continued to increase, being identical for both treatments at 5 minutes of recovery, but the serum level of ammonia was significantly lower under citrulline malate at 10 and 30 minutes of recovery (p<0.01).
the amplification drive circuit converts that stimulation waveform generated by the waveform generator circuit into bipolar stimulation waveforms and amplifying to stimulate a bipolar stimulation signal of a human body
And abortion GuaGong art by contrast is simple less pain drug abortion no trauma but also want to see if applicable
And we have arrived at a certain separation of the isomers of the best experimental conditions.
Antacids and diet often ameliorate symptoms but do not hasten healing
one network may include nodes for each physiological monitor, medication administration device, computer-based patient id, attending physician 's pda, and the like, but specifically excluding like devices associated with other patients.
Conclusion Posterior operation has positive therapeutic significance for its less trauma and good prognosis.
rift valley fever virus
utilizes the streptomyces albulus var.xuzhouensis CGMCC1815 as the producing strains.
Although the EMX2 SNP rs82612 gave a lower P-value of 0.040, we conclude that in the multiple testing context, this was not significant.
Transformation of BrCS Gene into Soybean by Agrobacterium-mediated Method
Synthesis 10 2000, 72, 1709-1712 The invention also provides a method of providing a cooling effect to a product that will be orally ingested, applied to the skin or used in a tobacco product, comprising the incorporation in the product of an effective amount of a compound as hereinabove defined.
similarly, no reactivity was seen with neuroectodermal cell, including those in that brain, spinal cord and peripheral nerve.
A transgenic plant transformed with an SLSRP coding nucleic acid,
the acid use is selected from sulfuric acid, formic acid, acetic acid, hydrochloric acid either alone or in any combination.
Methods: The data of hospitalized CAP patients from April 2009 to February 2011 were retrospectively analyzed by defined daily dosages(DDDs) and SPSS 13. 0. Results: The average stay length of hospitalized CAP patients from April 2009 to February 2011 was 13. 32 d.
Lonicera japonica,the dry flower bud or with open flower of honeysuckle in caprifoliaceae,has been touted as a cure-all for heat-clearing and detoxifying effect.Lonicera japonicacontains abundant components such as volatile oil,flavone and organic acid which plays the role of antibiosis,antiviral,antiphlogosis,immunopotentiation and antioxidation.
in which Rk is hydrogen or a branched or non-branched C4 to C9 alkyl group.
Advances in the Study of Laser Ablation Mechanisms by Molecular Dynamics Method
Intracellular 5ASA uptake does not contribute to systemic drug absorption and the uncovering of significant intestinal 5ASA metabolism, and unidirectional secretion of N-acetyl 5ASA from enterocytes into the intestinal lumen may help to provide resolution to a long-standing pharmacological research dilemma.
②TGF-β1 mRNA expression: On days 3, 7 and 21 after modeling, the TGF-β1 mRNA expression in the model group was higher than the normal control group, and the QZHJ treated group and dehydrocortisone treated group were significantly lower than the model group (P < 0.01);
the MGFP-5, MGFP-51, MGFP-15 and MGFP-151 adhesive protein purified in example 6 to 9 were each dissolved to a concentration of 1.44 mg/ml in 5% acetic acid buffer containing 25 mM ascorbic acid.
Objective:To assess the changes of D-Dimer(DD)and fibrinogen(Fg)in peripheral blood and coronary circulation of unstable angina pectoris.
Clinical and imaging analysis of patients with pneumonia of SARS
in that phthiobuaone ointment, the active component is phthiobuaone. the PEG-400 is the cosolvent. A new prescription comprise the octadecanol, the liquid paraffin, the albolene, the lauryl alcohol sodium sulfate, the nipagin acetic ester and the distilled wat, which not only guarantee the effect and stability of the phthiobuaone ointment, but also overcome skin irritation of the phthiobuaone ointment, which takes dimethyl sulfoxide as the cosolvent in current technology
Enzyme engineering method for producing gamma-aminobutyric acid
Conclusion The treatment process of occlusion reconstruction for worn dentition in middle and old aged patients is long,while the short and mid-term effects are definite.Occlusion reconstruction and occlusion adjustment during regular follow up are the key factors to the successful
Methods: The monocytes from pSS patients and healthy controls were treated with 50 μg/ml or 100 μg/ml Poly I:C.The IFN-α and IFN-β level in medium culture was determined by ELISA after stimulated 6 and 12 hours.
Finally, it is pointed out that on the basis of nano-microparticles, analyzing and designing all aspects of drug release and absorption systematically and personally, oral drug delivery system of peptides and proteins for clinical applications is expected to construct.
Conclusion Mizolastine and ranitidine combination therapy of chronic idiopathic urticaria safety,fewer complications,have some clinical value worthy of promotion.
Neuroprotective effect of propofol on acute spinal cord injury in rats
Early changes of torque values after dental implants compressed into the mandibular beds
The authenticity of the product can be checked according to the presence or absence of DNA.
Disorder of bile discharge can lead to dysfunction of the stomach and intestine, manifesting as poor appetite, aversion to greasy food, vomiting, etc.
Advance in research of wheat haploid induction through maize pollen
in addition, that protein or peptide have cysteine at the N-terminal preferably has 1 to 1,000 amino acids, and more preferably 3 to 500 amino acid
Transplantation of LBLRTM from Workstation to PC
in ord to obtain a composition with substantially undegraded enzymes
Method for producing recombinant rex rabbit nutrient dried meat slice
programs have been determined to be free of acute medical or surgical conditions requiring immediate care.
Mentha's historical textual research and clinical new application
Results The positive rate of IgM antibody among 156 borderline cases of measles was 85.90%, significantly different among age groups, while the positive rate was higher in yonunger-than-8-month group and over 20-year-old adult group and lower in 8-month-old to 4-year-old group and 5-year-old to 19-year-old group
The amplitude (DAD Amp), coupling interval (DAD C), and the mean rate of rise (DADdv/dt) of DAD were frequency dependent
Clinical Study on Varicella Treated with IFN-α
yeast extracts rich in 5 -ribonucleotides are up to date produced using yeast strains with high rna content and / or by partial extraction of the cell content.
Endothelial cell is not only an important functional interface, but also secrete vasoactive peptides that regulate the function of vessels.
the acrylate graf copolymer has high acrylate elastomer content and thus can raise that impact strength of the product greatly.
To avoid the applied film of liquid bleaching product being rubbed off onto the oral soft tissues such as lips, tongue and buccal cheek surfaces, especially the lips and tongue, it is generally necessary to keep those tissues away from the teeth until the film dries.
Nursing of children with idiopathic pulmonary hemosiderosis in clinical diagnosis and treatment
Keywords titanocene;amino acid;coordination compounds;two-phase synthesis;5-sulfo-salicylic acid;
the standard way to manufacture protein medicine -- typically in huge fermenting vat filled with genetically engineered hamster ovary cells -- is labor - intensive
R is a cyano-group, a nitro group, halogen and unstituted, monostituted or distituted aminocarbonyl;
Prostate cancer is one of the most common non-cutaneous malignancy in male.
The results showed that CaAl2O4:Eu2+,Gd3+ were successfully synthesized and the structure was not changed even introducing Eu2+ and Gd3+ into the samples.
THE X-RAY RADIATION OF KNOWN-AGE SUPERNOVA REMNENTS
Objective:To investigate the epidemiologic feature of children burns in Chang-Zhu-Tan region of Hunan Province.
The patient receives an injection of a radio tracer
in ord to improve that low-temperature characteristics, ethyl acrylate may be partially replace by butyl acrylate.
The Role of OPG RANKL and RANK in the Bone Metastasis of Cancer
CONCLUSION: SCP is a minor shrimp allergen,and SCPs have a high sequence homology and strong immune cross-reactivity among crustaceans,which can be used as detective,diagnostic and safe immunotherapeutic agents for subjects with shrimp allergy.
Extraction with phenol-chloroform (1:1) is followed by ethanol precipitation.
Association between VDR Gene Polymorphisms and Chronic Periodontitis in Hui and Han Population of Ningxia
increase index when average number of that productive grain in the non-treated section is 100%.
Disclosed is a primer set for amplifying a target region in UGT1A1 gene which contains a site to be detected by a gene amplification method,
Radial Basis Function Network Based on Immune Evolutionary Algorithm
Experiments on 2.5% Lambda-cyhalothrin Capsules Suspend Dose Pattern(CS) Controlling Blattella germanica
Analysis of genetic effects of grain traits in indica rice
Gene expression profiling of nonneoplastic mucosa may predict clinical outcome of colon cancer patients
Follow up and the inquiry of the discharged patients on the extent of satisfaction
Effect of Pyricularia Oryzae toxins on distribution of microfilment in rice root cap cells
Inhibition of NFnB in Saos2-mInB cells leads to downregulation of Smad7 inhibitor of TGFh and BMP signaling.
Effects of rosiglitazone on the mRNA expression of TGF-β_1 and PAI-1 in rat kidney fibroblasts cultured in high glucose
It is a gynecological and endocrine symptom with high heterogeneity.It’s reported that the psychological factors played a vital role in PCOS development.
These findings suggest that oxygen-derived free radicals might be responsible for the lipid peroxidation injury of the hepatic subcellular organelles during endotoxic or hemorrhagic shock.
Total 280 strains of microorganisms (180 actinomycete and 100 fungal stains), which were isolated from the soil and plant samples collected in Xinjiang, Yunnan, Guizhou and North-east area, China, were subjected to the screening work for the cell cycle inhibiting and apoptosis inducing activities by the use of flow cytometry using tsFT210 cells, a mouse temperature sensitive cdc2 mutant cell line.
pathyologlcal phenomenon
Elementary Introduction to Syndrome Differentiation of Cupping Therapy
Method: Retrospective analysis was conducted in 232 murder cases diagnosed non psychosis by expertise of forensic psychiatry
Other factors independently associated with kidney damage were age, sex, hypertension, diabetes, history of cardiovascular disease, hyperuricaemia, area of residence, and economic status
so that diffraction pattern can be produced by either reflect or transmitted light.
The correlative study of H.Pylori iceA genbtype and gastritis in children in Guangzhou
cell mediated lymphocytolysis (CML
however it would not depart from the spirit of the invention to include a most minor portion of said components, in amounts low enough such that an improvement in catalyst activity and / or polymer morphology is still achieved relative to a catalyst prepared in the conventional manner, wherein the initial solution added to the dry support contains a significant quantity, i. e., 20 weight percent or more of total activator and / or precatalyst.
Plasma exchange combined with hemofiltration influences serum levels of IL-17 and IL-6 in patients with HBV related acute-on-chronic liver failure
The comparison between two hepatic tumor cell lines with different metastatic capacity on cell distribution
Effect of Dibutyryl cAMP on the Type and Antennary Number of N-glycans on the Surface of Human Hepatocarcinoma Cell Line SMMC-7721
But if his magnets do pick the right patients, neurology will have made an important step forward
the activity of PPARgamma agonist is determined in a 4-day assay which is describe below.
Conclusion Yixin Jiedu Fang can significantly improve the indexes of hemorrheology in miniature pigs with myocardial ischemia cardiac insufficiency induced by Ameroid constricting ring.
The invention also discloses a method for preparing the recombinant cell line and the application of the recombinant cell line in the preparation of encephalitis B prevention vaccine.
Conclusion The tissue and cells in the distraction gap are in active remodeling process under distraction force, which is the basis for new tissue regeneration
Results Of the 41 evaluable patients,4 achieved complete response and 14 partial remission,with a response rate and clinical benefit rate of 43.9% and 85.4%,respectively.
in these organosilane system hydrolysis is virtually complete.
The treatment group was given Ani injection combined with PE,the controlled group was just given PE,with a same course of 21days duration.
Influence of Thoracic Epidural Analgesia on Outcome after Resection for Esophageal Cancer
Hong-Ze-Lan is the Chinese name of the whole herb of Strobilanthes japonicus (Thunb.) Miq. (Acanthaceae). It has been used commonly in China as a folk medicine.From "Hong-Ze-Lan", four class of compounds (flavones, sterols, alkanes and inorganic salts) were isolated and identified by spectroscopic and chemical methods. In this paper we report the identification of four constituents including two flavones and two sterols. A new flavone glycoside (Ⅱ), named strobilanthin, w...
The decay of the compact cortex (CD1) and trabecularised cortex (CD2) are also indicated.
Purification and Characterization of Recombinant Long-chain Fatty Acid Alcohol Oxidase
Ultrasound guided percutaneous puncture and sclerotherapy with alcohol for peripelvic cysts
c. radiation-associated non-cancer diseases radiation exposure of the developing embryo or foetus during pregnancy can also contribute to the appearance of non-cancer diseases in children.
Methods The nursing courses of whole lung lavage operation in 8 cases of PAP patients were analyzed retrospectively.
effect of vitamin E-modified dialysis membrane on lipid for haemodialysis patients
Some lymphocytes infiltrated in fibrous tissue,too.
significance of detect platelet associated antibody and platelet membrane glycoprotein for diagnosis of Immunne thrombocytopenia
It was found that the cellulosic superabsorbent with WRV up to 333ml/g and SRV up to 73.1 ml/g was accessible
New inhibitors of the p38 mitogen-activated protein kinase having the general formula (I) are disclosed, as well as processes for their preparation, pharmaceutical compositions comprising them, and their use in therapy.
Forty four out of 178specimens were tested and 32samples were positive detected by ELISA,while only 25samples showed positive by HI test.The result in parallel test showed 92%coincidence between the indirect ELISA and HI,while the former was more sensitive than the later.
Novel hydrolase protein
Construction and Characterization of Recombinant Attenuated Salmonella Typhimurium Expressing BabA2/UreI Fusion Gene of Helicobacter Pylori
Pharmacokinetic study of rh-IFNα2a in mice and rats after intravenous and intramuscular administration
Studies on the Synthesis of Nucleoside Compound FUGA and Its Analogs
Infection of the upper respiratory tract , granulocyte insufficiency , impatient bacterial infection compose in reply virus infection.
indicate that that cochlear implant can promote prelingually deafened children to develop their speech level.
Then acetic acid is added to get final product N,N-dibezylethylenediamine diacetate.
[Result] EGF did not increase the cleavage rate and blastocyst rate of lamb oocytes.
as previously mentioned, the use of chitosan derivative allows the production of a pharmaceutical composition that may have a prolonged shelf life compared to the use of natural chitosan.
Furin \ A proprotein convertase with specificity for the proproteins of PROALBUMIN; COMPLEMENT 3C; and VON WILLEBRAND FACTOR
Treg cells are small T cell populations able to induce immune tolerance.
The making course comprises the following steps: adding non-ion soluble macromolecular monomer, cation monomer, anion monomer, crosslinking agent and initiator in the reactor according to weight rate;
(b) Gender equality.
Expression and significance of smad_4mRNA,TGF-β_1 ,and TGF-βR_1 in pancreatic carcinoma
The 1431 bp coding region of the gene consists of 476 amino acid residues with a predicted molecular weight of 52679 D.
At day 7 post treatment, the elevation in serum RANKL levels observed in the isotype control group (p< 0.01) was minimized by the 1D10 treatment (left panel
chitinase gene had been amplified by PCR in albinos lethal mutant line, that certificated transformation was successful;
the ratio of the Z scanning speed to a maximal XY scanning speed is one of 5%, 10% and 20%.
The expression product of 1B3 was purified by proteinA affinity chromatography .
So the next time you get dengue fever, if it's a differentstrain, you're more susceptible, you're likely to get worsesymptoms, and you're more likely to get the more severe forms, hemorrhagic fever or shock syndrome.
Animal models and antifibrotic therapy of hepatic fibrosis
thallu laminariae concentrate or alkalinized concentrate contain unsaturated fatty acids, chlorophyll, carotenoid, sugar, and trace element such as iodine, and plant or animal extract containing tannin, vitamins, glucosides, saponins, sterols, amino acids and polysaccharides
the present invention relates to no-pollution pulping and comprehensive utilization of waste fluid, and is especially one process of extracting cellulose from corn stalk and producing potassium-rich composite base foliage fertilizer with the waste liquid.
it is desire for effective use of carbon resources that xylose should be convert to ethanol or biomass by fermentation.
Synthesis,catalytic hydrolysis to organic compounds and DNA of different macrocyclic polyamine compounds,and synthesis and medical applications of various cationic liposomes are reviewed mainly.
Tumor angiogenesis is the basis of tumor growth, invasion, and metastasis.
refers to straight-chain or branched alkyl having 1 to 6 carbon atoms.
Governments were urged to ensure that opioids were available to patients who required them.
in that present invention, any plant signal peptide can be use to in target polypeptide expression to the ER.
the PCR condition are arbitrary provided that that desire gene fragments can be amplified.
Analyses of Two Tob Family Genes in Zebrafish
Analysis of correlative factors for the various low birth weight infants with hearing loss
Neuroprotective effect and mechanisms of hypothermia in neonatal rat cerebral hypoxic-ischemic damages
Effect of Application of Mixed Chemical Fertilizer and Different Composts on Growth of Pepper and Oilseed Rape and Soil Nitrogen Supply
But the difference showed no statistical significance between the two groups.Conclusion As for the non-ST-segment elevation ACS patients,the method of triple antiplatelet drugs therapy has more effect in decreasing the inflammatory factor and improving the endothelium function.Thus it is worthy of wide clinical applications.
Study on Growth & Development, Nutrient Uptake and Yield Formation of Short-season Cotton Transplanted in Wheat-cotton Sequential Cropping Pattern
in that above formula, R1 and R2 may be the same or different and each represent hydrogen, alkyl which may be substituted, aralkyl, arylalkenyl, or aryl, or R1 and R2 taken together with the adjacent N atom, i. e. in the form of NR1R2, represent a 4- through 8-membered cyclic amino group, which cyclic amino group may contain nitrogen, oxygen, or sulfur as a ring memb in addition to the above-mentioned N atom and may be further substituted
Determination of Nitrofuran Metabolites in Animal Tissues by Isotop Dilution Linear Combination High Performance Liquid Chromatography-Mass Sepctrometry/Mass Spectrometry
Effect of tannic acid and PVP for preparation of colloidal gold particles
There were 386 nurses with satisfactory sleep quality,accounted for 74. 52% of the subjects.132 nurses had sleep problems,accounted for 25. 48%.
Results: 30 patients back pain after blocked dorsal medial branch using VAS score were significantly lower than before blocked,dual branch blocked the VAS score and back muscle strength were lower than single branch blocked,three branch blocked the VAS score and back muscle strength were lower than dual branch blocked.
the patient thus receives the benefits of both a single shock and a multiple shock sequence with this protocol .
Conclusion:MAPKs can be activated by anti-β2 GPI/β2 GPI in THP-1 cells and is involved in the induction of TF expression.
Rat pheochromocytoma cells (PC-12) were grown in RPMI 1640 media with 10% fetal bovine serum
membranous sac attached to an embryo, providing early nourishment in the form of yolk in bony fishes, sharks, reptiles, birds, and primitive mammals and functioning as the circulatory system of the human embryo before internal circulation begins
Displasis fixator for treating compression fracture of thoracic and lumbar vertebrae
Expression and Analysis of Apoptosis Regulating Genes and ICAM-1 in Endometriosis
immunsuppressives selecte from cyclosporine A, FK-506, methoxsalene, thalidomide, sulfasalazine, azathioprine and methotrexate;
Methods:Make model rat CCl4induced liver injury. After the medication with Manganyangyin capsule, we measured serum Glutamicpyruvic transaminase (GPT), T lymphocyte subpopulation (CD3, CD4, CD8) and liver's pathological histology determination
Objective To evaluate the diagnostic value in liver cirrhosis with portal hypertension between ultrasound and computer tomography (CT).
It is revealed that the R-R interval was prolonged and heart rate decreased significantly after intravenous injection of scorpion venom soluton (p<0.01), but the R-R and QRS interval remain unchanged.
Enhanced Killing of HCT116 Tumour Cells Treated with Combination Therapy
BIOLUMINESCENCE OF LUXAB-GENES-MARKED PSEUDOMONAS FLUORESCENS X16L2
the saponin are obtained by extract plants containing saponins, such as Panax Schinseng Nee, Glycic Max Merrill, Luffa Cylindrica, Gynostemma Pentaphyllum Makino, Trifolium Nepens L, Trifolium Pratense L, Medicago Denticulata Willd, Medicago Minicago Lam, Medicago Iunpulina L, Medicago sativa L, and Astragalus sinicus L with water or lower aliphatic alcohols or hydrous lower aliphatic alcohol, evaporating that extractive solution for concentration
Synthesis and Characterization o f4(5), 4′(5′)-Dialkyl Dibenzo-21-Crown-7
the Bcl-2 mRNA expression in T lymphocyte was significantly increased in different time point than in normal controls
Nursing of vagusereflex after surgery of heart intervention.
Objective:To explore value applied on BA and CT in diagnosis of brain trauma,Methods:BA and CT were examined in 124 patients with brain trauma and compared.
typical organofunctional silanes used in these applications include vinyl silanes, aminosilanes, and polysulfidesilanes, as well as mixtures thereof.
Observation and nursing of complications for CT-guided lung biopsy patients
measurement of glycated hemoglobin levels provides an accurate index of the mean blood glucose concentration over the preceding 2 to 3 months .
usually with bone marrow aspirated from the patient
Starch-grafted acrylic acid is one of the most important naturally derived polymeric materials, and has wide applications in the environment protection and other fields
We mapped GDF-9B on the basis of the T.fwdarw.A mutation in the gene coding region.
Keywords Hyperbaria;Complication;Severe head injury;Tissue O 2 metabolism;
a preferred ethoxylate used in this invention can be considered to be prepared from ( 1 ) a primary alcohol that is comprised of a hydrocarbon group selected from branched alkyl, branched alkenyl, cycloalkyl or cycloalkenyl or ( 2 ) a secondary or tertiary alcohol.
the method for preparing the compound obtains a target product through the intramolecular addition-rearrangement reaction between alkene amide and a carbonyl group of a compound shown by a formula II under the condition of taking Lewis acid or protonic acid as a catalyst, wherein the reaction is performed in a solvent;
wherein said injection(s) can be carried out in the area of at least one muscle in the vicinity of a bone having a detectable shape in the body of said poultry,
Taking ’Yuzhi’,’Sufei’,’Shenlv No. 3’,’Jinmei No. 3’,’Jinmei No. 4’ as materials,five fruit cucumber cultivars were chosen to screen suitable fruit cucumber varieties in Ningxia,the botanical character,trade traits of fruit,quality and yield of cucumber through the stand culture technology were investigated.
this invention relates to a kind of polyglutamine disease ( DRPLA ) transgenosis mouse model, culture method and drug for treating the disease.
The Significance of the Peripheral Blood T-lymphocyte CD_4~+/CD_8~+ Ratio in the Patients with Recent-onset Dilated Cardiomyopathy and the Research on the Correlation of the CD_4~+/CD_8~+ Ratio and Left Ventricular Ejection Fraction
Photothermal therapy of superficial tumors and its prospect of application are summarized in this article.
The invention discloses a human adipose-derived stem cell serum-free basic medium.
study on vitrification of rabbit embryo with that open pulled straw ( OPS ) method
in short, accord to this process, a stone or stone-like material, in granular or pow form, is mixed with a ceramic bonding matrix ( this term being understood as refer to a mixture of powders suitable for that production of ceramic materials by means of hot-sintering) and with an inorganic binder in an aqueous solution, for example sodium silicate, following which it is deposited in the form of a thin layer onto a temporary support or inside a mould
The invention also provides fragments of antibodies which have bioactivity.
The mean contraction force is 102~396N, the mean contraction time is 28s
The retinoid is preferably selected from retinol , retinol esters ( e . g ., C2 - C22 alkyl esters of retinol , including retinyl palmitate , retinyl acetate , retinyl propionate ) , retinal , and / or retinoic acid ( including all - trans retinoic acid and / or 13 - cis - retinoic acid ) , or mixtures thereof .
Ad.IκBα treatment was found to block NFκB DNA-binding, and thereby completely prevent TNFα-stimulated ICAM-1 and VCAM-
Methods Using HE and immunohistochemical methods, we detected the ex- pression of cell adhesion molecules ICAM - 1 and LFA - 1 during 4 - 5, 7, 14, 21 or 28 days, respective- ly on 20 rats with intermingled transplantation of auto - alloskin and on 15 rats with large allo - skin transplantation after extensive full - thickness burns.
The migration capacity of breast cancer cells also significantly declined.
A method for preparing a modified supported liquid membrane is characterized in that an activation support membrane is soaked in an initiating agent and then is placed in a mixed solution containing template molecules, functional monomers, porogen and cross-linking agents for soaking, afterwards, the activation support membrane is taken out and reacts under irradiation of ultraviolet light to obtain a molecular imprinting support membrane, and after template molecules are removed, the molecular imprinting support membrane is soaked in ionic liquid to obtain a molecular imprinting support ionic liquid membrane.
Other proteins may also be used in combination with the casein or soy protein preparation or separately to improve the water-resistant properties of the containers.
For system evaluating the effect of oral rinse in preventing VAP, the experiment was randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, we studied morbidity of VAP and antibiotic-resistant rate of bacteria in patient undergoing mechanical ventilation with Koutai or aldomycin, which is common oral remover at present.
This highlights the utility of the expression vector which utilizes the GAL10 promoter to direct the expression of HBsAg and related surface proteins in S. cerevisiae
the result construct, pICH21333 ( FIG. 1B), was transformed into Agrobacterium and infiltrate in a Nicotiana benthamiana leaf
Study on Enzymatic Hydrolysis of Protein in Decalcified Crab Shell
Specifically disclosed is a therapeutic or prophylactic agent for biliary diseases, which comprises a compound having a specific morphinan backbone typified by compound 1 or a pharmacologically acceptable acid addition salt thereof as an active ingredient.
Phenotype Analysis of Peripheral Blood T Lymphocytes from SLE Patients by Flowcytometry
Aim:To observe the proliferating process in early cultured PC12 cells so as to investigate the tumor evolving process
During 8 months to 3 years follow-up, the effect was satisfactory in 9 cases, obviously improved in 8 cases, false in 2 cases, false in 2 cases. 90.5% patients' seizure frequency decreased more than 50%, 81.0% patients' decreased more than 75%. But all the patients still needed the antiepileptic drug
Effect of γ-globulin Therapeutic Efficacy and Prognosis of Adult Severe Myocarditis
Methods 78 advanced NSCLC patients with EGFR mutations were divided into CEA positive group and CEA negative group,who had been received 150 mg oral doses of erlotinib once daily until disease progression and evaluated the response.
Effects of Dietary Zinc Levels on Reproductive and Nutritive- Biochemical Parameter in Boar
Conclusion:Self-expanding covered stent is safe and effective in the treatment of malignant esophageal stricture,wich also has less complications and can lengthen survival time effectively.
Study of Apo - Al and Apo - B in Serum for the Early Diagnosis of Nephritic Secondary Arterosclerosis Cardiovascular Complication
it is necessary to regulate that burden act on the leg portion corresponding to muscular strength of the us 2 as well as difference of physical size.
indirect agglutination t for that detection of serum antimyocardial antibody comparison between two methods of prepare myocardial antigens
Extract the Pumpkin polysaccharide from Pumpkin and analyse its ingredients by using water extraction, alcohol deposit;
Studies on the Synthesis and Asymmetric Michael Reation of 5-(1-Menthyloxy)-2(5-H)-Furanone
Investigating for the clinical significance of serum Lp(a)、FIB form the patients with acute cerebral infarction
In one embodiment the length for a hybridizable nucleic acid is at least about 10 nucleotides.
REVIEW OF STUDY ON RESISTANCE AND INHERITANCE AND BREEDING OF RESISTANCE TO CEROSPORA SOJINE HARA IN SOYBEAN
protein subunit
Effects of Cortisol on Na~+ -K~+ -ATPase Gene Expression in Gill of Medaka(Oryzias latipes)
Renal tubulointerestitial lesion
[Conclusion]The positive rates of antibodies against polioviruses among healthy population in Shijingshan District are high,and an effective immune barrier has been established.
Three series of segmented polyurethanes were synthesized which are based on 4,4'-oxydi (phenyl isocyanate) (ODI) , hydroxy terminated polytetramethylene oxide (PTMO) (1000 molecular weight) and ethylene diamine (BDA) . butandiol-1,4 (BD) , N-methyldiethano-lamine(MDEA).The tertiary amine of MDEA was sulfonated with γ-propane sultone there by converting the polyurethane into zwitterionomer.The effects of the chemical composition and the level of ammonium sulfonation on the extent of phase separation, physica...
the CT manifestation and diagnosis value of hydatid disease of liver
Re-hospitalization in infants younger than 29 weeks' gestation in the EPIPAGE cohort
At 12 and 24 hours post-operative, mice receiving different treatments were sacrificed by cervical dislocation
the method has the advantages of solving the problems of identification of an ABO subtype, judgment of difficult blood types, discovery of a new mutational site, gene recombination among genes, genetic polymorphism detection and the like, exerting the characteristics of high flux and result accuracy of ABO genotyping operation by PCR-SBT, achieving great importance for the relative application in the fields of clinical transfusion medicinal research, genetics and the like and having important practical significance for medicinal research units, pharmic research and reagent development units.
Clinical Analysis of Tension-free Mesh-plug Repair in Treatment of Senile Giant Inguianal Hernia
Immunohistochemistry was employed to detect the expression of P16, P21, P53, P63, MDM2, Rb, P16, CDK4 genes in tumor and normal lung tissue, respectively
The fusion protein is a "anchor-strand" molecule system, in which the streptoconjugated peptide is the "anchor" for controlling immobilizing direction of enzyme moleule, and the joining peptide is the "strand" for increasing molecule distance between enzyme and streptoconjugated peptide, so that it not only can keep the flexibility of their respective space movement, but also keduce steric hindrance of their combination reaction so as to greatly raise its orientation immobilizing efficiency. It is suitable for making high-quality biological devices of biosensor and biochip, etc.
Camlicla Lipolytica Lipase was entrapped into reverse micelles composed of various surfactants, and activities of each system in hydrolyzing olive oil were examined
Epithelial ingrowth after LASIK treatment with scaping and phototherapeutic kera tectomy
the alkylene residue may be methylene, ethylene, propylene, butylene, or pentylene.
This second formulation may be a device for transdermal administration of nicotine, a spray for nasal, buccal or pulmonary uptake, a chewing gum, or a dosage form for oral or peroral use or any device for administration of tobacco.
The results showed that yeast LA was more suitable for Lonicera caerulea L. wine fermentation than Angela yeast.
Purpose:To study the effect and mechanism of α1Ablockers in the treatment of chronic prostatitis.
Methods A total of 80 Sprague-Dawley rats were randomly divided into five groups: the plain group( control group,n = 16),rapid ascent to 6000 meters group( 6000 m group,n = 16) and the groups of rapid ascent to 6000 meters and given different doses of ginkgolide B( 6000 m +3,6 and 12 mg·kg- 1groups,n = 16 in each group).
the relationship between breast canc with Lymphnode metastasis and its prognosis
the present invention provide a method of increasing that accuracy of implant solder balls by using glass transition temperature for an organic polymer
Methods The aorta was harvested under aseptic condition from the back of a nude mouse.Three different methods were used in primary culture of aortic endothelial cells in nude mice.
such composition most preferably further reduce oxidation of LDL cholesterol in that human subject, increase HDL cholesterol, and/or decrease LDL cholesterol.
Expression of OPG-RANKL in periodontal ligament cells
The change of myocardial myoglobin content induced by normobaric hypoxia in rats was studied with peroxidase-anti-peroxidase(PAP) method as well as scanning microspectrophotometry. It was found that under the condition of normobaric hypoxia, myocardial myoglobin of rats was focally lost. The size and number of myoglobin loss foci were positively related to the duration of hypoxia. These results indicate that focal loss of myocardial myoglobin appears to be the early manifestation of myocardial da
the prefer group of dihydroxy alkanoic acids are that dimethylol alkanoic acid represented by the structural formula
Estrogen protects the endothelial-dependent vasodilatation of obese women
Mechanism of Endostar Enhancing the Anti-Tumor Effects of Gemcitabine on the Mouse Model of Human Pancreatic Cancer
Huidouba traditional Chinese medicine composite preparation for treating wound, cut trauma, scald and burn
According to the chemical characteristics of organophosphorus pesticide and the principle of organophosphorus pesticide inhibit plants cholinesterase activity, based on determined enzymatic reaction conditions, the separation effect of different developing agent system on 11 organophosphorus pesticides by the means of thin-layer chromatography were researched, followed 10 qualitative analysis methods of organophosphorus pesticide residues were established
When implanted in a patient, the restraining member 45 will be degraded.
The results indicated that Taraxacum antungense Kitage was diploid,dyad in ovule could be seen in materials with emasculation,cut stigma and bagged,then it formed a 8-nucleate embryo sac by mitosis,egg cell formed an original embryo by parthenogenesis and gradually developed into mature embryos,which showed that the type of apomixis of Taraxacum antungense Kitage was diplospory.
The characters of the HDL binding protein was measured by biotin-avidin enzyme linked immunosorbent assay (BA-ELISA ): Kd= 21. 6 mg/L, Bmax= 678. 2 μg/g protein.
Gene and protein levels prove that the gene is effectively involved in the process that the phytophthora capsici infects hot pepper hosts and results in occurrence of the course of diseases on hot pepper leaves.
Aphasic examination revealed aphasia in 17 cases with dominant thalamic stroke.
Pharmacokinetics of geniposide and its metabolite in rats Ⅰ
The Experimental Study on the Effect of Suction Duration on Corneal Flap Thickness in LASIK;
The expression of Urokinse system antibody had no synergy with ER. PR. C - erb - B2. Conclusions: The UPA.
Multiple and bilateral precerebral artery stenosis
TSLP was also detected in 66% and 100% of tissues from dogs with Erythema multifomre and dogs with the genetic skin disease, junctional epidermolysis bullosa; respectively.
Development of E2 Neutralizing Monoclonal Antibody Against CSFV
the bleeding is associated with anticoagulant therapy .
in general, activity of proteins can be often maintain even if one or more amino acids are modified
The vast majority of human spontaneous tumors are weakly immunogenic or non-immunogenic.Adjuvants can enhance the immunogenicity of tumor antigens,promote antigen presentation,and induce anti-tumor immune response,thus having important implications in improving the efficacy of cancer biotherapy.
Bel-7402 was exposed to different concentrations (5, 10 and 20μg? ml~(-1)) of LMPAB for 48h and was injected into upper chamber with Matrigel Matrix after cell counting, while the culture supernatant of NIH3T3 was injected into lower chamber
36. "female genital mutilation" is a generic term that encompasses all practices involving the excision of the external genitals of young girls or women and any other form of mutilation that is motivated by socio-cultural or any other non-therapeutic consideration.
Clinical analysis of two cases of Cirrhosis and aortic dissection
The experiment indicated that ethanol production could be improved significantly by overexpression of the PDC1 gene
Results The carotid bifurcation(A) is located posterior to THB(8.5±2.3) mm,inferior to THB(12.8±4.8) mm,the starting point(B) of the superior thyroid artery is located pesterior to THB(4.6±2.2) mm,inferior to THB(12.8±4.2) mm.
There is a lot of pigmentation in the hepatic parenchyma.
include one or more of a biological agent, a blood excipient,
Abdominal versus laparoscopic hysterectomy
No positive target fragment was available from H9 subtype influenza virus,Muscovy duck reovirus,duck plague,duck hepatitis virus(DHV-Ⅰ) or duck-origin avian paramyxovirus typeⅠ.The detection limit reached 20 pg under the optimized conditions.
Recombinant, replication-defective alphavirus vectors are advantageous because they are capable of high-level heterologous (therapeutic) gene expression, and can infect a wide target cell range.
the 12 animal were killed 1, 2, 3 month after operation, respectively. that content of serum Ca, P and AKP, and BMC, BD of the tibial were measured.
study of that capability of APA-microcapsulated dental pulp stem cell on generating dentin
immune magnetic bead negtive-sieve method for sor cow X sperm based on H-Y antigen
Clinical efficacy and side effects were evaluated with Beth-Rafaelsen mania rating scale (BRMS) and treatment emergent symptom scale (TESS).
The abnormal rate that of BEAM was 81. 2%,and that of brain CT was 80. 6% (P>0. 05),but that of routine EEG was 56. 2% (p< 0. 01).
the MRI diagnosis and differential diagnosis of syringomyelia associate with intraspinal tumor
The next step is step S3 of measuring one or more physiological parameters of the subject 12
First claim unit - Livestock resources Saudi Arabia seeks compensation in the amount of USD 441,389 for losses of livestock suffered by animal breeders in the Al-Hassa region of Saudi Arabia due to degenerative diseases that affected the animals as a result of Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait.
The results indicated that:Lactobacillus casei 1.0062 produced the highest titratable acid 0.42% and could keep the medium in its original color after 24h fermentation at 30℃;
The invention relates to the field of gene engineering, in particular to neutral phytase CP53 from a rumen and gene and application thereof.
SWOT analysis of clinical pathway in China in the 21st century
They have been implicated in a variety of clinically important processes, including allograft rejection, atopic disorders, autoimmunity and anti-tumour immunity.
The samples were extracted with EDTA-Mcllvaine and cleaned up with Oasis HLB SPE and analyzed by HPLC with fluorescence detector. In the method, the mobile phase was imidazole buffer solution and methanol(80:20
Changes in the expression of specific DM proteins are diagnostically useful as indicative of the development of diabetes and for predicting the course of its development ( prognosis ) .
Preparation of Temperature-Sensitive Injectable Hydrogel and Relevant Study on Its Properties
Effect of immunological function of vitiligo treated with Weierben
Objectives: To study the role of CDKN2 gene alteration in the BPH pathogenesis.
CT diagnosis of 42 malignant tumors of the nasal and paranasal sinuses was studied, 27 with carcinoma, 10 w1th sarcoma and 5 with other tumors. The early diagnosis of malignant tumors are based on the soft mases in the sinus and the destruction of adjacent bone wall. CT scan is apparently superior to plain film in showing these two signs. Especially, CT scan can very nicely reveal the extent invaded by malignant tumors with the difference between aggressive bone destruction a...
Cancer stem cells are defined as rare cells in cancer tissues with indefinite potential for self-renewal that drives tumorigenesis.
the analysis of therapeutic effect of intervention therapy for mid and advance lung carcinoma by bronchioartery injection chemotherapy approach
The optimal technical parameter combination was: degradation temperature 30 ℃,inoculation quantity 18%,degradation time 9 days,pH7.0,in this conditions optimal degradation rate of weathered coal by strains DG-6 was 29. 28%.
Methods: TIRF-4 binding protein expression was detected by immunohistochemistry with anti-IRF-4 binding protein polyclonal antibodies in 78 cases of primary OSCC cancer tissues and 6 cases of normal oral mucosa epithelium tissues.
An exemplary embodiment is structure I : where L is a label ; B is a nucleobase , including uracil , thymine , cytosine , adenine , 7- deazaadenine , guanine , and 7 - deazaguanosine ; Rl is H , OH , halide , azide , amine , alkylamine , alkyl ( Cl - C6 ) , allyl , alkoxy ( Cl - C6 ) , OCH3 , or OCH2CH = CH2 ; R15 is H , phosphate , internucleotide phosphodiester , or internucleotide analog ; R16 is H , phosphate , internucleotide phosphodiester , or internucleotide analog ; and Rl7 is a bond or linker .
The material has the functions of permanently releasing hydroxy negative ions (H3O2) and 4-18mum far infrared rays with high radiation and benefits to human life, resisting and inhibiting bacteria, deodorizing and the like.
The early stage of hepatocarcinogenesis was established by the method of Solt and Farber,and the rats were administered with 100 mg·kg-1 of soybean isoflavones and saponins for 42 days.
Study on Supermolecular System of CP_(44) with l-nitroso-2-naphtho
Analysis of Surface Markers of Long Term Cultured Human Umbilical Cord Blood Hemopoietic Cells
Study of the Relationship of Crossover Rate and Mutation Rate in Genetic Algorithm
Methods: 82 patients with nosebleed were treated with microwave heating curdling technique
A detection method of HPLC - UV was established for determination of decoquinate and its solid dispersion preparation .
7, or homologs of these, which have been delivered to cells or a tissue.
Purification method of lactic acid ester
ER and PR were detected on paraffin-embedded tissue sections using immunohistochemical staining. Results: 58.9% of the cases were positive for ER, 69. 1 % for PR,and 46.6% positive for both.
Comparison of the electromyographic changes between the normal lateral pterygoid muscle and the lateral pterygoid muscle spasm
Combined traditional Chinese medicinal prescription for treating bone fracture and preparation method thereof
Keywords Technical fluorene Fluorenone Gas catalytic oxidation process Technological study;
Conclusion:The four kinds of cardiac glycosides all can improve the isolated heart function and have positive inotropic effect and negative chronotropic effect.
Regression Analysis of Relative Survival Rate of Cancer.
Conclusion Combination therapy with low-dose Cortrosyn Depot,high-dose Vitamin B 6 and Lamotrigine was a safe and effective way in dealing with infantile spasms.
The behavior and conditions of floatation separation of iridium from other metal ions in cetyltrimethylammonium bromide-potassium iodide system were studied.
6-8 weeks after operation,we extracted cell membrane proteins of myocardium,then analyzed GGT activity with biological chemical method,dected GGT mRNA expression with Real Time PCR,and tested GGT protein expression with Western blotting.
the medicinal tape preparation for percutaneous absorption is excellent in adhesive force and cohesive force.it is reduced in skin irritation and highly safe.
Study on Breeding Phellinus igniarius by N~+ Implantation
Plant hormone was produced by ectomycorrhizal fungi under in vitro culture condition.It is difficult to determine plant hormone directly by high performance liquid chromatography(HPLC) because of complicated components of liquid culture.In this paper,C18 solid phase column was used to extract and purify two plant hormone produced by ectomycorrhizal fungi and an analytical method for reversed-phase high performance liquid chromatography(RP-HPLC) was developed.
Study of Enhancement of Optical Brightener VBL on Peroral Infection of Recombinant Phytase Virus
RESULTS Compared with WKY rats, SHR exhibited higher content of aldosterone and mRNA level of CYP11B1 and CYP11B2(P< 0.01, P< 0.05 and P< 0.01
the topic of adolescent reproductive health would receive attention.
Objective To study the expression of NHERF family protein and CAL protein in the digestive system of Parkinson’s disease,and investigate the mechanism of the dysfunction of digestive system in Parkinson’s disease.
The days of GICU stay and mechanical ventilation in the IPC group were significantly shorter.Conclusion Using IPC prevent DVT had a beneficial impact on the prognosis of critically ill patients.
preferable solubility is improved by substituting a conjugated ppv derivative with alkyl and / or alkoxy or phenyl groups.
Effects of ageing on surfactant protein C mRNA expression
The action of binocular cells in visual cortex is the foundation of information process of stereopsis. The disparity encode mechanism of simple cells are divided into two groups, one is position shift, the other is phase shift, but simple cells are not suited to act as disparity detector. On physiological study of some complex cells, people find some complex cells are ideally suited as disparity detector. A complex cell energy model based on these simple cells was provided. Mathematical analysis and com...
3. The quantitative analysis of intestinal flora: The number of enterobacterium and enterococcus of the supernatant group was much lower (P<0.001) than than that of the normal saline group, Fusobacterium was lower (P<0.05) ,Bifdobacterium was higher than that of the normal saline group;
[Methods]Put eighty patients for treatment group and control group.
the ALT was mild abnormal in one case of trial group.
The results of RIA about serum β_2-MG and urine β_2-MG ,Alb ,IgG in the senile patients with cor pulmonale are reported.
evaluation of metastasis spread of tumor cells into the lung was determined in sacrificed animals.
Inferred from these results,amitosis that existed in erythrocytes of 3nCC and 4nCC might lead to the similar hemoglobin contents among different ploidy CC,which resulted in no obvious differences in oxygen transporting ability of blood from that of 2nCC.
Then at Step 2015, emotion/expression prosody vectors represented with duration and coefficients of F0 orthogonal polynomial are obtained based on the emotion/expression corpus
in all patient a hepatic neoplasm had been suspected because of underlying malignant disease ( n = 41 ), live cirrhosis ( n = 15 ), or growth of that lesion ( n = 2 ).
Conclusion The combined treatment of low molecular weight heparin calcium and compound Danshen dropping pills can decrease the press of lung artery,relieve the bear of right ventricle and improve the arterial partial pressure of oxygen,mean pulmonary arterial pressure and hemorheology parameter.It has a good clinical effect on the acute exacerbation stage of cor pulmonale and good for popularization.
The invention increases sensitivity and specificity of the electric shock conversion rhythm of the heart, simplifies the computational complexity of the recognition algorithm, can be applied to instruments and equipments such as existing ECG monitors and automatic external defibrillators and the like which recognize the electric shock conversion rhythm of the heart according to a body surface electrocardiogram.
Synthesis Process of Anthraquinone Derivatives Under Microwave Irradiation
A muscle in his jaw pulsed angrily.
Results No statistical difference was found in the clinical and biochemical data between the pilot groups(P>0.05).As for carotid artery elastic parameters,no statistical difference between the left and right sides of the artery was indicated.
Expression of Jilin white goose interferon-α in Escherichia coli and detection for its antiviral activity
were all from the resistant parent TI1706, the markers of J13-780 for RAPD were able to link with the resistant and susceptible genes to Meloidogyne spp. in tobacco.
A previous study indicated that instructions to perform CPR consisting of only chest compression result in a treatment efficacy that is similar or even superior to that associated with instructions given to perform standard CPR, which consists of both compression and ventilation.
Conclusion Preemptive analgesia with ketorolac tromethamine shows good analgesic effect and safety in children undergoing laparoscopic hernia ligatio
The efficacy of antiviral antibiotic 17997 on treatment of HSV-1 infected guinea pig skin infection
in a further prefer method of that invention said glycosaminoglycan is selected from the group consist of: hyaluronan; dermatan sulfate; chondroitin sulphate; heparin; heparan sulphate; or keratan sulphate
where the optical beam 96 reacts with the tissue to alter the tissue 's relative permittivity relative to the applied electric field 94,
Pharmacological Study on Asthma-relieving Decoction (Dingchuan Tang) Treating Asthma
Or when the impairment is associated with the cochlea 104, a cochlear implant with an implanted electrode contact can electrically stimulate auditory nerve tissue with small currents delivered by multiple electrode contacts distributed along the electrode
Example 1.8 4- 4- ( 4-2- E ) -2- ( 4 - Trifluoromethoxy - phenyl ) - vinyl - oxazol - 4 - ylmethoxy - phenyl ) - butyl !- l ,2,3 triazol - 2 - yl - acetic acid methyl ester 13.6 mg ( 0.537 mmol ) 95% sodium hydride were added to a solution of 200 mg ( 0.413 mmol ) 4- 4- ( 4-2- E ) -2- ( 4 - Trifluoromethoxy - phenyl ) - vinyl - oxazol - 4- ylmethoxy - phenyl ) - butyl !- lH - l ,2,3 triazole in 4.0 ml DMF and stirred for 60 min . ( precipitation of sodium salt ) . 79 mg ( 0.52 mmol ) methyl 2 - bromoacetate were added , the mixture stirred overnight to give a clear solution and evaporated .
in addition, NELL-1 protein can be used in a man analogous to bone morphogenic proteins to facilitate bone repair.
Objective To develop a multiplex PCR assay for the detection of Salmonella enterica Serovar Typhi.
Histone deacetylases (HDACs) used herein are enzymes which catalyze the removal of acetyl groups from lysine residues in the amino terminal tails of the nucleosomal core histones.
in vitro transcription and translation assay of Bin1b full-length cDNA
he wean food can prevent osteomalacia and promote bone growth of weanlings by compound calcium having high bioavailability with that milk-derived basic protein fraction having bone growth-promoting effect.
In recent investigations,cell transplantation and gene therapy have been the most prospective way, but it is important to be resolved to explore the sources of ideal transplantation cells.
Clinico-radiological investigation of recurrences of ameloblastoma in autogenous bone grafts
The disclosed method can be used to detect and analyze proteins and peptides.
Objective To find the diagnostic and treating methods of the malignant tumors involving skull base.
The invention relates to a dedicated formula of health sand for meat pigeon, which is characterized by comprising the following raw materials in weight percentage: 30-45% of coarse river sand, 8-20% of loess, 2-16% of bone meal, 10-20% of shell powder, 3-5% of gypsum powder, 3-5% of slaked lime, 1-2% of multicomponent nutrient for meat pigeon, 2-6% of charcoal powder, 0.4-0.5% of Flos Lonicerae, 0.8-1.2% of Radix Glycyrrhizae powder, 0.8-1.2% of yeast powder, 1-1.5% of growth hormone, 2-4% of selenium-containing trace element, 0.4% of methionine, 0.6% of lysine, 0.1-1% of rouge, 0.25-0.6% of allicin, 0.2-0.4% of vitamin B1, 0.2-0.4% of vitamin B2, 0.5% of vitamin AD3, 0.5% of sodium selenite VE and 3-5% of salt.
some of the gas mixture will become an aqueous ( meth ) acrylic acid solution depending on thermodynamic properties such as temperature and pressure, and the remainder leaves out the quenching tower as it is.
Cover Ante-ankle Wound with Foot Dorsal Distal Reverse Flap after Frontal Half Palm Excision
HPLC-UV and the technique of accelerated testing at three elevated temperatures were used to investigate the stability of dideoxycytidine and its degradation mechanism. The result showed that the degradation of dideoxycytidine involved a parallel reaction and its chemical kinetic parameters were determined as follows: the rate constant K_(25) of 1.112×10~(-3) h~(-1), the activation energy E_a of 113.28 kJMol~(-1), and the frequency factor A of 8.22×10~(16)h~(-1). The result also showed that dideoxycytidine ...
the use of the claimed compounds or compositions for the manufacture of a medicament for the treatment of a bacterial infection
effect of whole-Body Exposure to microwaves ( 2450MHz) on tumor growth and survival rate in mammary Adenocarcino-ma bear rats
The seasonal changes of membrane permeability, enzymatic protection system(SOD, ASA-POD, CAT, POD) and osmatica were correlated with the temperature of beijing and the cold hardiness of the broad-leaved evergreens themselves
induce cultivation of Glycyrrhiza Inflata Batal callus
a (2,4,5-trimethylphenyl)methoxy group, a (2,4,6-trimethylphenyl)methoxy group, a (3,4,5-trimethylphenyl)methoxy group, a (2,3,4,5-tetramethylphenyl)methoxy group, a(2,3,4,6-tetramethylphenyl)methoxygroup,a(2,3,5,6-tetramethylphenyl)methoxygroup,
Methods 86 patients admitted for ischemic cardiomyopathy with atria fibrillation and BNP concentration before and after treatment were followed.
Ultrastructural observation on the bone marrow cells in Chediak-Higashi syndrome
On the right side of the three housing is connected show with right atrial cystic structure,strengthen the concentric real,visible diverticulum mouth.
65929 A pharmaceutical composition for the treatment of canine distemper
site selectively tag
Preparation of carboxymethyl cellulose and CMC-graft super absorbent resin
hepatitis B is a world wide infectious disease, but up to now there has no effective method to cure it, so prophylaxis of hepatitis B virus ( HBV ) is very important.
Gastric Epithelial Proliferation and Oncogene Expression in Hp Positive Patients with Gastric Precancerous Lesions
Study on Alzheimer's disease and vascular dementia using PET
Orthognathic Surgery and Postsurgical Orthodontics for Correction of Secondary Dentofacial Deformities in Cleft Lip and Palate Patients
Results The four emotionfocused coping styles were all positively correlated with the total average score of mental health in both measurements.
the present invention is directed to microdispersions and pharmaceutical compositions containing a synthetic, bioabsorbable, biocompatible liquid polymer that is the reaction product of a polybasic acid or derivative thereof, a polyol and a fatty acid, the liquid polymer having a melting point less than about 40 DEG C, as determined by differential scanning calorimetry, and a synthetic, bioabsorbable, biocompatible polymeric wax comprising the reaction product of a polybasic acid or derivative thereof, a fatty acid and a polyol, the polymeric wax having a melting point less than about 70 DEG C, as determined by differential scanning calorimetry.
Bone metastases place Patients at increased risk of skeletal-related events(SREs),including pathologic fractures,spinal cord compression,severe pain requiring radiOtherapy or surgery,and hypercalcemia,because of increased osteoclast-mediated bone resorption.
The results showed that the percentage of unsaturated acid was 77. 45%,including 17. 77% palmitic acid,46.74% oleic acid,and 29. 34% linoleic acid.
enteroclysis with Colon Therapeutic Apparatus
The Relationship among MTHFR Gene Mutation, Homocysteine and Young Adult Stroke
It is important to note that the herb or spice extract can be incorporated into the food composition by addition to the above-described mixtures before extrusion or by coating extruded kibble or pellets with the extract as an ingredient of a topical coating.
Targeted AGEs and AGEs cross-link in drug discovery: preventing and reversing arterial sclerosis in aging and diabetes
Pulsed electrodeposition of nickel-zirconia dioxide-cerium dioxide nanocomposite coating under ultrasonic condition
Those results indicated that PsCRN115 effector could be used as an elicitor to induce plant disease resistance.
MODELING FOR EFFECT OF TEMPERATURE ON CELL GROWTH AND MTG PRODUCTION IN BATCH MTG FERMENTATION WITH STREPTOVERTICILLIUM MOBARAENSE
athetotic type cerebral palsy
The new application is the application of the tetrahydropalmatine derivatives shown as a formula II or pharmaceutically-acceptable salts thereof to the preparation of medicaments for inhibiting eukaryotic tumor cell proliferation and the application to the preparation of medicaments for preventing and/or treating tumors.
image diagnosis of that cystic lesions of pancrea
According to the research of the team, by means of building-up effect of small segments containing charged amino acids, it can regulate the sorting process of PPT entering regulated secretory vesicles.
The percent of CD11c+ DC in joint liquid of AS(0.45±0.11%) is greater than which in vein blood( t = 5.781, p < 0.001).
It was 2-to 4-fold than Liposome/pDNA control,while CTS/pDNA had few expression.
Influences of losartan on the apoptosis and apoptosis genes expression caused by angiotensin II in vascular smooth muscle cells
Conclusion:Pioglitazone might inhibit atherosclerosis in mice by decreasing the expression of MMP-9.
Clinical Observation of Azithromycin Injection in the Treatment of Acute Bacterial Infections of Lower Respiratory Tract
Genetic Research Advance of the Relationship between Ace Gene Polymorphism and the Endurance Sports
The Study of the ADSCs Differentiate to Chondrocyte Ablity under Micromass Culture Condition Induced by BMP-7
Method Eukaryotic recombinant plasmids containing antisense α1（Ⅰ） collagen gene were constructed to study how antisense nucleic acids regulate the expression of α1 Ⅰ）collagen gene in human lung fibroblasts (HLFs).
A meta-analysis of the incidence of cancer in statin trials showed no significant difference in the incidence of prostate cancer between the statin and control groups in trials involving a total of 20,063 participants.
switch region and switch molecule method for direct separation of phenotypic correlation gene
Objective To establish a real-time PCR for evaluating the prospect of the method in the clinical diagnosis and efficiency evaluation of treatment to pulmonary tuberculosis.
The health food has effects of smoothing flow of blood, controlling the excitability of cranial nerves, stabilizing pneuma, and be used for treating insomnia for ensuring good sleep and deep sleep.
Multivariate Analysis of Fruit Quality of ‘Angeleno’Plum Fumigated with Four Volatile Compounds
In addition, the low number of mitochondria and mtDNA molecules per sperm cell introduces additional complications.
the nucleic acid profile or proteomic profile can be associate with that patient state
Objective To evaluate the role of membrane type 1 matrix metalloproteinase (MT1-MMP) and tissue inhibitor of metalloproteinase-1 (TIMP-1) in the pathogenesis of endometriosis
Oxidative dehydrogenation coupling reaction of two-molecule pyrrole only removes monomolecular hydrogen; and (3) the reaction is simple and convenient, and the substrate has wide universality.
study of surface oxidation of PbTe film
RESULTS:According to intentiontotreat analysis, all the 100 patients finished the treatment, no one lost.
Conclusion Sterling anthocyanin or AREBR supplementation can improve lipid profile and oxidative stress in hyperlipidemic patients
The response vector calculating unit 53 uses URa*(t), which is the complex conjugate of the extracted signal URa(t), and signals X1(t), X2(t), X3(t), and X4(t) to calculate the components h1a, h2a, h3a, and h4a of the response vector Ha for the mobile station a from the following expression.
Fermentation Condition Research of Astaxanthin-producing Phaffia rhodozyma
Clinical significance of recovery degree of ST segment after thrombolytic therapy in acute myocardial infarction
and surgical instrumentation 24 for use in securing the spinal implant 20 to the spinal column.
It’s suggested that the manual MGIT is an accurate method for the rapid test of susceptibility for M. tuberculosis to rifampicin and isoniazid,which show good correlation between the manual MGIT and the proportion method on L-J medium,and is suitable for diagnosis in laboratories in village level.
simple linear regression was used to determine that there was no significant relationship between the amount of administered sealant and teat volume ( p = 0.59,
Alternatively, to identify an agent that targets a specific pathway involved in replication, e.g., translation of RNA polymerase, one could measure that particular component, e.g.quantifying RNA polymerase by an antibody assay.
Both the mass and the edema zone were no enhancement. Conclusion: A high density mass without enhancement and the history of trauma was mostly AVM conbined with hematoma in the …
The influence of the glycerol content on the thermal degradation of SPI/SA composite films has been evaluated by means of varying the heating rate of thermal experiments.
In the past decade,developmental psychology integrated with neuroscience,genetics,and molecular biology and gave birth to developmental cognitive neuroscience,which provided new perspective for understanding the origin,development,and neural and social mechanism of human mind,and shed light on promoting human mind.
2. A method according to claim 1, wherein the test-antigen specific cell-mediated immune response is determined by measuring the level of at least one immune signalling molecule.
Objective:Approach the curative effect of treating the thoracic tuberculosis with kyphosis by removing front-side focus of the spinal column and displacing the vertebra with the artificial vertebra of axle-sleeve type titanium alloy between the vertebras.
AIM To investigate and discuss the regularity of the expression of interleukin 1β in rabbit's lungs after being shot through the thoracic cavity.
stress-sensing protein in that er membrane detect an excess of unfolded protein and trig the upr
take raw material of nonfat soybean meal and solvent of ethanol water with different volume fraction to extract soybean protein concentrate by continuous gradient method, it was obtained that that product had protein content got ahead of 65% and smell improved.
Identification of risk factors associated with nonanastomatic biliary stricture after liver transplantation
In thecase of peripheral leucocyte the sedimentation velocities of total nucleated cells,CFU-S and the responsive cells to Simonsen's assay method were 4.49,4.96 and 5.12mm/hr respectively.
This study examines the extent to which youth irritability is related to adult psychiatric outcomes by testing the hypothesis that it predicts depressive and generalized anxiety d
Cryptogenic hepatitis
The characteristics and improvement of anesthetic technology for orthognathic surgery
INVESTIGATION OF COMMON INHALATIONAL ALLERGENS AND ALIMENTARY ALLERGENS IN CHILDREN WITH BRONCHIAL ASTHMA
insect or mammalian cell to secrete proteins from those cell
Methods: A case of emphysematous cystitis with HHS was reported.Related literatures were also reviewed.
Clinical Analysis of Laparoscopically Radical Hysterectomy with Lymphadenectomy
Optimization of alkaline separation of glutinous rice starch and its characteristics analysis
study on genetic diversity of Manglietia decidua ( Magnoliaceae )
In Africa the maternal mortality rate is 940 per 100,000 births, and in South-East Asia the figure is 610 per 100,000 while in Europe the rate is 59 per 100,000.
Then cardiac hemodynamic change was measured at assist ratio of 40 ml·kg -1 /min, 70 ml·kg -1 /min, 100 ml·kg -1 /min, respectively
results it was found that cd + 4 and cd + 4 / cd + 8 were apparently declined ( p0.01) and cd + 8 was prominently increased ( p0.01) in both groups before treatment . after treatment the t cell subpopulations in the experimental group recovered almost completely, while those of the control group remained still abnormal
No adverse signs of reaction to treatment were observed in animals receiving EUDRAGIT? NE 40 D. Female no. 53990043, receiving 250 mg/kg/day of EUDRAGIT? NE 40 D (dry substance) had one episode of emesis on day 32 of study which, in absence of other signs, was considered incidental.
The present invention relates to a kind of method for making low peptide containing 18 kinds of standard amino acid units by using animal 's skin as raw material.
2. Staring from 1R,2R-cyclohexadiamine and the synthesized 4-chloro-diacylpyridines, Six new chiral marocyclic polyamines were designed and synthesized.
Modification and degradation of rat C6 cellular HSP68 in vivo and in vitro as well as their biological action are reported in this paper
Measurement and correlation of vapor liquid equilibrium data for benzene cyclohexane methyl cyclohexane DMF systems
S1P (sphingosine 1-phosphate) is one of the metabolite products of membrane sphingomyelin, and it plays an important role in formation, transformation and progression of many malignant tumors as well as the regulation of cell proliferation, apoptosis and angiogenesis.
We believe that the Oct4-expressing cells are the origin of most, if not all, the tissue-specific stem cells of every organ and that their stimulation is the main source of the regenerative capacity of every individual tissue.
Studies on the effect of β-cyclodextrin on color reactions and its application in spectrophotometry Ⅱ. The effect of β-CD on color reactions of metal ions with triphenylmethane and xanthene acid dyes
The best concentration of SA was 0.1 mmolL-1 11 The ability to anti-high temperature of grafted seedlings was superior to own-rooted seedlings. The most suitable concentration of SA to cucumber seedlings was 0.1 mmolL-1
A Study on the Synthetic Conditions for Methionine Chelated Zinc
Conclusion Comprehensive rehabilitation therapy has a good therapeutic effect on the cognitive function of patients with multi-infarct dementia.
The sulfosalicylic acid, its salts and isomers act as fluxing agents and transforms the sulfuric acid-based electrolyte into a self-fluxing composition.
EFFECT OF YIQIHUOXUEFANG ON TXA 2,PGI 2, CAMP AND CGMP IN RABBIT CEREBRAL ISCHEMIC POSTISCHEMIC REPERFUSION INJURY
R Ⅱ also depressed the mitotic index and multinuclear rate of the HEp-2cells(P<0.05)or P<0.01). Under microscopy,the morphologic changes induced by R Ⅱwere observed in HEp-2 cells.
Study on synthesis technology of dimethyl fumarate
The cells are then harvested by centrifugation, and washed in RPMI 1640 media (GibcoBRL, Gaithersburg, Md.).
Results of fermentation in sealed bottles showed that the recombinant E. coli DL1346-99d yielded the highest butanol concentration of 0. 52 g/L,and the yield of butanol was up to 1. 07 g/L.
Significance of anti-SmD1 antibody in diagnosis of systemic lupus erythematosus
Mid-and long-term clinical effects of trochanteric flip osteotomy for treatment of Pipkin I and II femoral head fractures
Oligonucleotides with one or more base pair mismatches are generated for any particular allele .
Future studies might discover intervention points where practitioners could reduce the influence of bipolar disorder on drug and alcohol abuse, he added. One small, older, controlled study (Geller et al. J Am Acad Child Adoles Psych. 1997;36:1168-1176) showed that if a youth has bipolar disorder and substance abuse and the bipolar disorder is treated, the risk for substance abuse and patient functioning are dramatically improved, he added.
Study on Submerged Fermentation of Tremella aurantialba Based on Inhibition of Non-Enzymatic Glycosylation
the present invention provides a urine voiding apparatus with a blocking mechanism that prevents uncomfortable splash back of urine at the user when the apparatus is being used during urination.
Study on the Determination of Nucleic Acids by Fluorescence Spectrometry
Objective To investigate the values of the level of the N-terminal pro-brain natriure ticpeptide(NT-proBNP) in chronic heart failure.
Significantly negative relationships were also observed between plasma NT ProBNP and serum hs CRP levels with LVEF values(r=-0. 724,P< 0. 05).
Changes in DAI 1 and DAI 2 from baseline to final visit and differences in changes between treatment groups are analysed by means of 95% confidence intervals and exploratory tests in Appendix 8.2, Tables 2-4.1.1 (PP) and 2-4.2.1 (PP) as well as 2-4.1.1 (ITT) and 2-4.2.1 (ITT).
A vector for introducing a desired gene into a plant, which comprises the desired gene and at least one morphological abnormality induction (MAI) gene as a marker gene, or which comprises the desired gene, at least one MAI gene and a removable element.
the result show that, when that laser pow is 600 W and scanning velocity is 2 mm/s, through the reaction of H2, N2 and TiCl4, the TiN films deposited by LCVD on die steel surface with dense dendritic structure can be obtain. its micro-hardness is 2500 HV
the nutritious and blood enrich clear wine is made with round-shaped rice, water yeast, wine yeast, vitamin, trace elements and natural color as material and through rice polishing, rice soaking, yeast make, wine yeast making, fermentation, squeezing, clarification, blending, seasoning, coloring, storing and other steps. during wine yeast making, clear wine yeast is adopted; and during blending, vitamins easy to dissolve in water, trace element Fe and proper amount of clean water are added to result in an alcohol content of 5 % and rich nutritious components
study of epoxy resin cured with BMI modify aromatic diamine
the invention relates to a homocysteine diagnostic kit utilizing technologies of an enzymatic recycling method, an ELISA multiplication method, an enzymatic-colorimetric method and an enzyme-link method, also relates to a method and a principle of measuring homocysteine concentration and compositions and components of reagents, and belongs to the technical field of testing and measuring of medical science.
island of squamous cells scatter in that transitional and the ciliated epithelium were physiologic in origin, the former originated from the stratify cube epithelium and the latter from the ciliated epithelium
Objective The clinical observation of severe chest trauma and acute respiratory distress syndrome.
The method of claim 12, further comprising identifying a translocation partner gene associated with the balanced chromosomal translocation.
Furthermore, now that the sequence of complete genomes of an increasing amount of organisms is becoming available, this opens the opportunity to construct genome spanning overexpression and deletion libraries.
(2)The expression rate of Survivin and HR-HPV was 98. 7%and 83. 8% in SCC.which was 85. 4%and 51. 2%in CIN respectively,there were significant difference between CIN and SCC(P<0.05).
Mammographic and Pathologic Analyses of Mammary Hamartoma
Traditional Chinese medicine for treating urinary tract infection and preparation method thereof
To locate and correctly diagnose a periodontal pocket, a comprehensive probing of the tooth must be done with a periodontal probe, and x-rays must be examined, to locate the depth of the pocket and extent of the destruction.
The influences of pH value in the end of reaction,reaction temperature,and reaction time on the yield of the product were investigated.The optimum conditions were obtained as follows:the reaction temperature was 65℃,the reaction time was 5 hours,the pH value in the end of reaction adjusted with sulfuric acid was 2. 5, the acidification temperature was less than 40℃.
Application of canosic acid in preparing medicines used for preventing or treating diseases relating to liver injury
the setbacks of this procedure are very low yields and the product needs to be purified by means of chromatography.
in particular an anti-Cathepsin S antibody which does not inhibit the proteolytic effect of Cathepsin S but nevertheless inhibits angiogenesis
Objective: To investigate the role of the cytoskeleton associated protein vasodilator-stimulated phosphoprotein(VASP) in the migration of human osteosarcoma cells.
The present invention also relates to a herbicidal composition comprising as active ingredient a mixture of a) a herbicidally effective amount of a compound of formula (I) wherein: R1 is cyclopropyl, R2 is optionally substituted phenyl, R4, R5, R6 and R7, independently of each other, are hydrogen or C1-C4 alkyl, Y is O, and G is hydrogen, an alkali metal, alkaline earth metal, sulfonium, or ammonium, or G is a latentiating group which is C(O)-Ra or C(0)-0-Rb; and b) a co-herbicide selected from the group consisting of fenoxasulfone, ipfencarbazone, propyrisulfuron, and N/-[2-[(4,6-dimethoxy-1,3,5-triazin-2-yl)carbonyl]-6-fluorophenyl]-1, 1 - difluoro-N-methylmethanesulfonamide.
Accordingly, the nt 5-340 of R6 and nt 675-337 of one of whole genome shotgun sequences (BAAB01113163.1| Bombyx mori DNA, contig491593) have 91% consistency, which include 13 gaps
Cloning and Expression of Gastric Cancer Related Gene S100P in E.coli as Well as Preparation of Polyclonal Antibody
Biosynthesis, Metabolism and Receptor of Cytokinins
The first symptom of CJD is rapidly progressive dementia(2 cases) and extrapyramidal system disorder (2 cases).
Examples of polymers that are suitable for the backing layer include polyethylene, polypropylene, polyesters, and the like.
Study of Development and Correlation Between HSP 70 and MDV Tumor
Abnormal Bipolar Electrogram and Arrhythmias During Myocardial Ischemia and Reperfusion
The AIM is replaced every 2 days for 10 days at which point the cells are fixed in 10% NFB and stained with Oil Red O which stains the lipid vacuoles of adipocytes red.
Expression of INK4a in Human Cervical Carcinomas Cell Lines with Different HPV Infection Status
Fermentation Conditions of Antagonistic Strain LC-04 Against Verticillium dahliae
The results showed that the effects of interaction between temperature and light length reduction on physiological traits of alfalfa varieties were significantly(P<0.05)greater than that of single treatments;when temperature or light length decreased,the POD,SOD activities increased and the contents of MDA and free proline indicated an increasing trend,and these physiological traits of Algongui fall-dormant type changed obviously under decreasing light length.
Remaining anterior segment 7 is then rinsed two times with perfusion medium to wash out pigment, tissue remnants, or other debris.
hereditary hypophosphatemic rickets
in particular to a production technique for transform that microbe protein feed with sunflower disc after solid fermentation of microbe multi-strains
The Epidemic Trend Analysis on Viral Hepatitis from 1959 to 1994 in Guangzhou
the preparation method is that that crude drug prescribed in the recipe are undegone the process of choicing, impurities removing, crus into coarse grains then grindibng into coarse powder, mixing thoroughly and filling into the undergament covering the chest and abdomen
Results Lower SOD activity and higher MDA content were showed in HIBD groups when compared with normal group from rats.Moreover,there were significantly higher SOD activity and lower MDA content appeared in EPO treatment on normal group than those in HIBD groups.
After the BaP exposure is removed (3 exposure in 0.5 mg /L BaP and 4 BaP free), GSH contents in the liver would not decrease rapid ly, which might relate to the complex modulatory mechanism of GSH level in cell.
the adjacent segment of cervical bone graft fusion became instable in 8 case later on.
The Study of the New Process of Red Wine (Cold Macer-Ation before Fermentation, Fermentation Process with Separating Part of Clear Juice)
The method of the hypertensive patients' taking nifedipine should be one time per hours according to the time pharmacology and the time nursing but not be times a day of clinical routine at present
Applications of NMR in Soybean Protein Research
A solid surface material with an antimicrobial agent in a thermoset and/or thermoplastic resin matrix where the antimicrobial agent comprises a chitosan-metal complex.
Treatment of thoracolumbar fracture with decompression and AF internal fixation
Taken together, the present invention demonstrates a set of RHAMM-binding peptides which in aspects may be derived from the CTT of tubulin sequences and in other aspects may be based on artificial peptide sequences.
Study on Degradation of 3-Nitrophenol with Different Co-substrates in Sequencing Batch Reactors
The Gene Expression Mechanism of Cold Resistance in Animals
Quantitative determination of luteolin in Pyrrosia lingua by HPLC
in a preferred embodiment, transcription of that SRP is modulate using zinc-finger derive transcription factors ( ZFPs ) as described in Greisman and Pabo, 1997, science 275: 657 and manufactured by Sangamo bioscience, Inc.
R8 and R9 each independently represent a hydrogen atom, an alkyl group, a halogenoalkyl group or an alkoxyphenyl group with the proviso that R8 and R9 do not represent hydrogen atoms at the same time and, when one of R8 and R9 is a halogenoalkyl group or an alkoxyphenyl group, the other is a hydrogen atom, and Z' represents a trialkylsilyl group (TES) or an alkoxycarbonyl group.
although the dicarboxylic acid residue may be derived from a dicarboxylic acid monomer or its associated acid halides, esters, salts, anhydrides, or mixtures thereof, the diacid component of present invention is understood to comprise dicarboxylic acids instead of the corresponding derivatives of dicarboxylic acids such as, for example, the associated acid halides, esters, half-esters, salts, half-salts, anhydrides, mixed anhydrides, or mixtures thereof.
SDS PAGE and Dot blot indicated that this 12kD protein was PF4.ConclusionUsing SZ 95 sepharose 4B affinity chromatography to purify PF4 is an efficient method to prepare PF4 with high biological activity.
tubular interstitial nephropathy; Tubulointerstitial nephropathy
The results showed that there was no difference in milk composition and somatic cell counts of first 3-month postpartum between TRTⅠ, TRTⅡ and CK when cows were fed with vitamin A at the level of 150 000 IU/d and supplemented with β-carotene at the level of 300 or 600 mg/d for each cow.
Synthesis and amino acids extracting properties of novel calix[4]arene derivatives
Conclusion:△Np63 expression clearly increases in the endometrium of proestrus, which may enhance the proliferation and cleavage of the stromal cells
Application of Immunomagnetic Screening Strategy for Separation of CD4~+ and CD8~+ T Cell Subpopulations of Peripheral Blood
Results: No patient died,heart functions of the three patients were categorized as NYHA Ⅰ,one patient developed postoperative complete heart block and then treated with pacemaker inplantment.
Establishment of modified MCAO models in rats
control (20 injections, buffer only), low (15 injections, 0.5 mg/ml), mid (15 injections, 2.0 mg/ml), or high (20 injections, 5.0 mg/ml).
Causes and treatments on dislocation after total hip replacement
It was showed that for the best catalyst studied,the conversion of toluene was 30. 1%and the selectivity to para-xylene was 94.3% at the reaction temperature 773 K and WHSV 6h~(-1).
12. A system according to claim 1, wherein the radiotherapy treatment delivered to the target tissue region is any radiotherapy treatment adapted to eliminate undesired tissue with respect to the target tissue region.
For a system providing support to the systemic circulation, for example, the lower threshold level can be from about 10 mm Hg to about 40 mm Hg (e.g., about 10 mm Hg, about 15 mm Hg, about 20 mm Hg, about 25 mm Hg, about 30 mm Hg, about 35 mm Hg, or about 40 mm Hg), or any value there between, and the upper threshold level can be about 65 mm Hg to about arterial pressure (e.g., about 65 mm Hg, about 70 mm Hg, about 75 mm Hg, about 80 mm Hg, about 85 mm Hg, about 90 mm Hg, or about arterial pressure), or any value there between
CLINICAL APPLICATION OF SPECT TO ISCHEMIC CEREBROVASCULAR DISEASES
Objective To compare the outcomes of traumatic flail chest with multiple injuries treated by operative fixation versus conservative approach.
In addition,plasma-Se to erythrocyte-Se ratio decreases to around 1/3 to 1/4 of that in low blood-Se state as blood-Se level increases to approach 0.9μg/ml(daily Se intake 750μg).
Results After LNP treatment, plasma ET decreased significantly from (112.25±10.14) pg/ml to (81.02±7.84) pg/ml, P 0.05) was found in index in the control group
Active Ingredients from Metabolite of Datura arborea Entophytic Fungi and Its Anti-dermal Pathogenic Fungi Activities
allowing the enzyme (PEPC) of the first carbon dioxide fixation process of a C4 plant to act in the cytoplasm of said cells;
effect on testicular germ cell aft Exposure to cyclophosphamide in mice
Table 9-3 Dosages of Gonadotropin-Releasing Hormone Agonists
Objective:To provide anatomical basis for the vascularized periosteal flap of the distally based tibia.
The physicochemical properties of PW/HM with different PW loadings are characterized by X-ray diffraction(XRD),ammonia program temperature desorption(NH3-TPD) and thermogravimetric(TG) techniques.Their catalytic performances are investigated for the tert-butylation of toluene.
the present invention also provide a controlled drug delivery system for that parenteral administration of hydrophilic and hydrophobic drugs, protein and peptide drug, and oligo-nucleotides over an extended period
Cloning and Expression of Self-incompatibility Related S-RNase Gene in Apricot
Method and nursing on the diet education with model food
SYNTHESIS AND RELAXIVITY OF DTPA DIESTER Gd(Ⅲ) COMPLEXES
Recent Progress in Study of Organic Aerogel
Method Bile reflux gastritis and 70 cases were randomly divided into two groups,the observation group and control group 35 cases,the joint study group with domperidone hydrotalcid treatment,the control group only treated with domperidone,the clinical efficacy of two groups were compared,24h,symptom improvement and gastric bile reflux situation.
Calcium montmorillonite powder with a cation exchange capacity(CEC) 0. 90 mmol/g,particle size≤74μm and purity 80%~90%was roasted at different temperatures.The phases compositions of roasted products were analyzed by X-ray diffraction and the microstructures of roasted products were observed by scanning electron microscopy.
Fetal heart monitor with function of forecasting routine data of gravida
The word " hip " means trendy and keeping up with the latest fashions
The Consideration of the Relationship between Physician and Patient after the Extension of Hospital
7. The block alterable memory cell of claim, wherein said source implant region, said drain implant region, and said buried implant region are n-type implants.
Nonperforating trabecular surgery with reticulated hyaluronic acid implant
According to experimenial results at different test conditions, discussed the effect of adsorption of TeO_3~(2-) on the electrochemical response and the electrode reaction mechanism, calculated the adsorbance of electrode reactant on HMDE.
Influenza Vaccine Study in α-1, 6-mannosyltransferases Defective Pichia Pastoris
CLINICAL OBSERVATION OF INSULIN SECRETION AND GLUCOSE CLEARANCE IN TYPE Ⅱ DIABETES MELLITUS
The androgen receptors in biopsy specimens of 22 cases of human prostatic cancer(PC) were studied by radioligand binding assay. The cytoplasmic androgen receptor (AcR) and nuclear androgen receptor(AnR) densities wewe 305.70±461.68 and 363.04±391.44 pmol/g protein respectively, both were significantly higher than those of 36 benigh prostatic hypertrophy (BPH) and 9 normal prostate(NP
Methods With the help of Lipofectamine,human lung adenocarcinoma PAa cell was transfected with PXJ 41/M2 1 and the positive cell clones were selected with G418.The stable transfection and expression of M2 1 in the PAa cells were determined by RT PCR and immunohistochemical analysis.
The process route for oxidation, ammoniation and reoxidation on the para hydroxybenzene ethanol by taking the lower-price (relative to para hydroxybenzene acetamide) para hydroxybenzene ethanol as the raw material has the characteristics of mildness in reaction condition and high yield; meanwhile, the production cost of the para hydroxybenzene acetonitrile is greatly reduced; the technical route has the characteristics of short route, easiness and convenience for operation, mildness in reaction condition and easiness for industrialized production and is a very economic, simple and convenient method for preparing the para hydroxybenzene acetonitrile.
Radiofrequency Ablation of the Connections Between Two Atriums in the Treatment of Atrial Fibrillation
The pol gene codes for the viral protease, reverse transcriptase and integrase enzymes derived from gag-pol precursor gene.
69(84.15%)patients were almost recovered to normal gait; 12(14.63%)patients remained mild swinging gait; 1(1.22%)patient was still crippled.
In this experiment,drugs were divided into three groups,namely Tiamulin Fumarate Premix and Doxycyline group,Tylosin Tartrate and Amoxicillin group and Kechuan Sanxiao San group.
in particular, it can be expect, owing to that teach of the present patent application, that such subtilisins which have already been developed in the prior art with regard to their usage in detergents and clean agents are improved further with respect to their contributions to the washing and cleaning performances by adopting these point mutations.
There were no significant difference in RI between injured side and uninjured side (P> 0.05), but the RI of both sides are much higher than control (P< 0.01
Using a Hilbert transform Modulator, the intensity distribution of first-order spectrum of crossed-slit is used for accuracy positioning in practice
Methods:51 HSCT patients with OM were randomly divided into two groups:the routine treatment group(25 cases) use mouthwash and support treatment.
Objective: To discuss the curative effect of montelukast on infantile henoch-sch nlein purpura( HSP) and its influence on serum cytokine.
This paper proceeded from characteristics of blue algae cell structure and physiological living, the blue algae clearing method against blue algae bloom frequently break out in important water areas of china, have been put forward correspondingly.Designed and manufactured a new type blue algae clearing machine, which is high efficient environment protection and low investment
The resistance induced by avirulent strains in tomato were measured and the result showed that the mean period of disease appearance was delayed 9.3d and 7. 7d respectively. The incidence of disease were 57.8% and 66. 7%, and the effects of treatment after 20d were 59. 1% and 53.6% respectively
immunoassay method and reagents for decrease nonspecific binding
At the beginning,patients in both groups were treated with estrogen and progestogen to stop bleeding.From the next menstrual cycle,patients in the treatment group were treated with traditional Chinese medicine for tonifying kidney and adjusting menstrual cycle combined with low-dose estrogen and progestogen;while patients in the control group were treated with Chinese patent medicines(including E Jiao Danggui Oral Liquid and You Gui Capsules) and low-dose estrogen and progestogen.
Results Among 23 patients,17 ganglioneuromas were detected in retroperitoneum,5 in mediastinum,and 1 in neck.
The main adverse reactions were bone marrow suppression and gastrointestinal reactions.
Conclusions The curative effect of treating fungous cornea ulcer with indomethacin and transplantation of mutiple floor amniotic membrane is excellent
(a) a dicarboxylic acid component which comprises 0.1 to 50 mole percent of 2,6-naphthalenedicarboxylic acid or esters thereof, and 50 to 99.9 mole percent of terephthalic acid or esters thereof;
However, such concommitant therapy is not suitable for all patients since central nervous system and cardiovascular side effects are often observed.
Results: Compared with the control group,USF2,TGF-β1,tissue inhibitor of metalloproteinase 1(TIMP-1) were obviously elevated in model group,whereas,MMP-9 expression was significantly reduced,immunohistochemical staining showed that TGF-β1 was expressed in glomerulus and renal tubules and mean optical density(MOD) of TGF-β1 were significantly increased in model group(P<0.05).
The Novel Anti-inflammatory Cytokine Interleukin-37 and Atherosclerosis
Developmental Neurotoxicity of Mice after Postnatal Exposure to of m-tolyl Methylcarbamate
AIM: To examine the effects of recombinant human hepatocyte growth factor(rhHGF) and native calf HGF(cHGF) on SMMC-7721 human hepatocellular carcinoma(HCC) cell line
Application of Hot Start Polymerase Chain Reaction in Rapid Detection of Chlamydia trachomatis in Ure-genital Tract Infections
Objective To research the influence of blood uric acid on the lower extremities nerve fibers integrity in diabetic rats,in order to search the new methods or thinking for diabetic peripheral neuropathy.
Radiofrequency Catheter Ablation of 11 Accessory Pathways in 10 Cases of Paroxysmal
The main results are as follows: 1. The investigation of factors affecting transformation for embryogenic callus of cottonAmong three Agrobacterium tumefaciens strains employed, the frequency of GUS expression in the callus infected by EHA101 and EHA105 was higher than that of LBA4404. However, EHA105 and EHA101 grew too fast to control.
the present invention has that advantage of simple technological process, fast act, small dosage, convenient taking, high medicine stability, long useful life, short disintegrating time, etc
The influence of external vitamin C on chloroplast membrane lipid of cucumber ( Cucumis sativus L.) has been studied.
It was assumed that the formation of intrinsic defect Zni was restricted by ion Bi, it was consistent with experimental fact that the degradation properties of varistor ceramics under the long duration load voltage are improved with the increasing amount of Bi2O3.
hydroxy alkyl ether of a polysaccharide
Human Embryonic Stem Cell Lines and Their Application
Serum α-L-fucosidase(AFU) was determined in 36 patients with primary hepatocellular carcinoma(PHC),69 patients with various liver disease.
the oral hygiene product are used for remove and/or reducing dental plagues and/or bacteria in that oral cavity, thereby reducing the incidence of odontopathy ( decayed tooth, periodontal disease, etc.) and halitosis
A Study on Matrix Metalloroteinase Inhibitors from Trifolium Pratense L and Their Antioxidant Activities;
Objective Expression of mucin MUC1and clinicopathological parameters in colorectal adenoma and colorectal carcinoma
The plasmid pTPL was extracted from the positive strains and transformed into E.
The positive and negative correlation data between hair trace elements and the diseases were collected.
when calcium ions are added to the alkaline buffer , they cause concentrated solution of silk proteins or their analogues to gel . the gel produced in this way is considerably more stable than the sol state solutions of silk proteins .
Clopidogrel stability in acetonitrile at nominal temperature of -20 °C has been proved for 99 days.
The invention presents a system and methods to perform rehabilitation or physical therapy exercise while doing specifically designed video-games with the support of a therapist.
models to clinical depression has been questioned (P. Willner, Psychopharmacology 83: 1-16, 1984
Objective:To observe the curative effect of flavored Gualou Xiebai and Banxia decoction in the treatment of unstable angina of coronary heart disease.
Step 209 includes quantifying the microorganisms in the test sample;
IL-1βInduces Psoriatic Phenotype in Cultured Normal Human Skin
by near azeotropic is understood a composition wherein the carbon dioxide content varies between 5 % mol below or above the azeotropic composition.
The control group consumed the lemon juice vehicle alone.
There was no statistic significance for the differences of the two groups before and after dialysis. Therefore, the effects of the two groups on peripheral blood haemoglobin were similar, helpful to maintain the Hb value (see Table 2).
11. The TEM sample structure of claim 7, wherein the TEM sample is divided into a first analysis region through which the TEM electron beam passes roughly, a second analysis region through which the TEM electron beam passes more cleanly than through the first analysis region, and a third analysis region through which the TEM electron beam passes more cleanly than through the second analysis region.
Of them,52.9% were with malignant tumors, 62.7% were with coexistent illness ,27% with complications during operation and 37.4% post operation.
such as hydrochloric acid in methanol, in either catalytic or stoichiometric amount, under that condition further specified in the following
Eight pair primers previous identified were used to amplify specific DNA bands in the six populations.As a result,256 DNA bands were generated and 206 of them were polymorphic bands,which was 80. 47% of the total bands.Each primer pairs generated 129 polymorphic bands on average and the mean polymorphism rate was 50. 26%.
Thyroid hormone lowers levels of serum low-density lipoprotein(LDL)cholesterol and has Other potentially favorable actions on lipoprotein metabolism.
supplement useful in treating migraine headache include feverfew and gingko biloba.
Results:In HEp 2 cell system, the ED 50 s of the inhibition effects on the multiplication and infection, the direct virucidal effect of crystalline Ⅰ on HSV 1F strain are 1.20 μg/ml, 1.86 μg/ml, 0.97 μg/ml respectively
Green copper vapor laser could be used as the light source of photodynamic therapy, especially for superficial cancer
Gene polymorphisms in Uighur patients with Abnormal Savda
Effects of Dietary Protein Level on Tadpole Growth and Pen Rearing on Morphological Characteristics and Production Performance of Grown Frog in Northeast Forest Frog
in one aspect, that invention relate to a method of diagnosing Alzheimer's disease by detect differences in the levels of PP2A gene expression in Alzheimer's disease cells compare to control cells
the use of the inventive kit can simultaneously amplify 12 X chromosome STR loci at a single-tube, avoids the competition between these primers and the formation of heterozygosity dimers, increases the amplification efficiency of each locus, wherein, the length of amplification products can be less than the 280bp, and has a high sensitivity, a higher STR parting success rate can be obtained and the amplification efficiency of medical examiner DNA degradation samples can be improved.
Changes of Prostaglandin E_2 Level in the Alveolar of Rats in Static Magnet Field
The papules form plaques covered with telangiectatic vessels
Food consumption was unaffected by treatment with lentinan; however, the pregnancy rate was significantly reduced in the 1.0 mg lentinan/kg body weight/day dose group with 10 F0 males failing to mate successfully with 2 females, and slightly reduced in the 0.1 mg lentinan/kg body weight/day dose-group with 6 F0 males unsuccessful at mating with 2 females.
Fourth, pelvic cavity ecchymosis, or myometrium angiosclerosis. May also cause the womb knot to contract the organization proliferation, thus causes the womb to be large.
Typical organic solvents which ethyl guar is soluble in, include alcohols such as methanol and ethanol and furfuranols, ketones such as methyl ethyl ketone and acetone, aromatic hydroxcarbons such as toluene, cycloalphatic hydrocarbons such as limonene and pinene, esters such as ethyl acetate, isopropyl palmitate and alkyl benzoates, and polar aprotic solvents such as acetonitrile and dimethylformamide.
Of 17 tested tag SNPs in five vasopressin pathway genes (arginine vasopressin [AVP], arginine vasopressin receptor 1A and 1B [AVPR1A, AVPR1B], leucyl/cystinyl aminopeptidase [LNPEP], and oxytocin receptor [OXTR]), rs18059 in LNPEP (also known as vasopressinase) was associated with 28-day mortality in the derivation cohort (P =0.037).
similar concern may arise in other imaging or therapeutic modality
The degree of conservation of the hr gene among different mammalian species is high
it may be mention here that WO 96/23874 states that amino acid residue located within 10. ANG. from a sodium or calcium ion are believed to be involved in, or of importance for, that Ca2+ bin capability of the enzyme,
Similarly, tissue IGF-1 mRNA contents were obviously higher in methylcobalamin+ insulin treated group 2 than that in insulin treated group 2 (P < 0.05), but lower than that in NC group (P < 0.01
Concentration of DeoxyHb peaked on Day 7 in patients P< 0.05 compared with the levels of Days 1, 3, 5,14
After cotransfecting the cultured sf9 cells by pVL 1393-ORF5 and the linearized genome DNA of AcMNPV-SVI-G and TnNPV-SVI -G respectively,the recombinant virus AcMNPV-OCC--ORF5 was obtained.
Don't neglect prostate enlargement of abdominal pain
the proteinase inhibitor can inhibit deactivate enzymes thereby extend elevated levels of CCK for a longer period of time
There are free-radical ink and cationic cured ink according to the mechanism of UV technology
RP -HPLC Determination of The Related Substance in Aceglutamide for Injection
cv. "Nagara", "Kurogaki" were cultured and some regenerated shoots were obtained from endosperm callus on the MS media with 5. 0mg/L BA and 0. 01mg/L IBA. The chromosome number of the root tip cell was examined. Results indicated that the chromosome numbers in regenerated plants are 2n= 180 or 2n= 90, but not 2n= 135 as had been found in original endosperm cells.
BaFe12O19 ultrafine powders were synthesized by citrate method
The active compound or compounds are dissolved or suspended in the parenteral formulation for administration; such formulations generally contain from 0.005 to 5% by weight of each active compound.
In simplistic terms, Leydig cells are similar to the thecal cells of the ovary
Reliability of 3D CT angiography in diagnosis of aneurysmal subarachnoid hemorrhage
Objective To explore whether clinically mild functional tricuspid regurgitation should be addressed at the time of mitral valve repair(MVP) for moderate or severe mitral regurgitation due to myxomatous degeneration.
the increase in the recorded number of cases in 2006 had occurred because that year had marked the first screening of migrants for hiv.
The lymphoma was characterized by localized low-density shadow with space-occupying effect and enhancement
The expression of HIF-1α and VEGF was positively correlated with Src.Conclusion The activated Src kinase after cerebral ischemia may up-regulate the HIF-1α’s expression which increases VEGF leading to the vascular permeability.
In this paper, a novel multivariable GPC and DMC mixed centralized optimization control algorithm with predictive error correcting is presented
PHYSIOLOGICAL EFFECTS OF EXOGENOUS JUVENILE HORMONE AND MOULTING HORMONE ON SILKWORMS AND THEIR APPLICATION IN SERICULTURE
The role of mTOR signaling in proliferation of human nasopharyngeal carcinoma cells
Expression of Apelin levels in serum of rats and the expression of Apelin mRNA in adipose tissue of insulin resistant rats induced by high-fat feeding
After being cultivated ten days in the darkness,the anther Callus had the highest induction ratio when the anther were treated at 4℃for four days and in 1 mol·L-1 sugar solution for 30min.
The Value of Brain SPECT in the Study of rCBF on the Patients with Sudden Deafness
Particle beam therapy apparatus and method for adjusting particle beam therapy apparatus
The effect of naloxone on rat neural cells apoptosis after traumatic brain injury
3 ) There was no significant difference in the ratio of current drinkers , the ratio of current smokers , nutrient intake , and stress , between the two groups , but the ratio of persons who take health food was significantly higher in the group administered with the placebo ( p < 0.05 ) .
The efficacy in venlafaxine group was better than that in paroxetine group,and the rates of marked improvement and full recovery in venlafaxine group and paroxetine group were 70.6% and 52.6% respectively.
Clinical effect of breath intervention on severe asthma
Media 5-HIAA (μg/mg protein)
1 . a veterinary anthelmintic formulation containing a stable solution of triclabendazole , wherein the solution contains an effective amount of triclabendazole and a solvent system containing one or more solvents ,
Non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs and surgical correction are the two mainstays of traditional therapy
Pharmacokinetics of HZ08 in Beagle dogs by LC-MS/MS
Surface Fluorescence Readout on Single Microparticles Without Oxide
The mechanism of corticosteroid-induced ocular hypertension is increased aqueous outflow resistance
Recombinant DNA (deoxyribonucleic acid), strain and method for producing L-valine by fermentation
the manufactured bio-organic fertilizer comprises the following components by the weight percentage: 40% to 50% of oil shale powder; 10% to 20% of humic acid; 8% to 10% of carbamide, 10% to 15% of calcium superphosphate; 5% to 10% of potassium chloride; 5% to 10% of mushroom bran, 5% to 10% of grass meal, 0.4% to 1.8% of brown sugar, 1% to 1.2% of microbial preparation and 0.5% to 1% of microelement, wherein, the percentage sum of the raw materials is 100%.
since conventional antibiotic substance for imparting antibiotic and whiten effects are zinc-based or copper-based substance with high activity, there is a problem in that they are discolored into yellow with time under that influence of light, heat or the like.
SF in the male group was higher than that of female (P 0.05
influence of multi-effect triazole on that Metabolismof active oxygen in rape seedlings
it should be understood that the amount of the effective ingredient actually administrated to a certain patient ought to be determined in light of various relevant factors including the amount of neural cells to be differentiated and proliferated, the chosen route of administration, and the body weight, age and sex of an individual patient.
In isoflurane group anesthesia was induced with midazolam 0.15mg·kg -1, fentanyl 3μg·kg -1 and vecuronim 0.1mg·kg -1 and maintained with 0.8% isoflurane after tracheal intubation
the nodes in the graph ( disorders, intermediate states, symptoms, etc. ) are treated as individuals ( class members ) in the dl, while the edges are treated as roles ( relationships ) in the dl.
the rate of normal respiration and cyanide resistant respiration were measured dure that gemination of Puccinelliu tenuiflora seeds under different concentration of alkaline salt stress. the results show that salt stress induce the P. tenuiflora seed to cyanide resistant respiration pathway, and the rate of cyanide resistant respiration is higher that the normal respiration in the salt concentration of 0. 4%-1. 2
Hepatic failure after hepatectomy for small liver cancer:an analysis of 20 cases
Pharmaceutical formulations or "drugs" related to such oligopeptides suitable for treating or preventing cancers or tumors, as well as the post-operative recurrence thereof, are also described.
Objective To investigate the potential role of HBV SPⅡ promoter DNA-binding protein on regulation of HBV replication.Methods HBV SPⅡ and nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide dehydrogenase 4 (NADHDH4) sequences were amplified by polymerase chain reaction (PCR) with pCP10 plasmid DNA and HepG2 cell (hepatoblastoma cell line) genomic DNA as the templates,respectively.
[Results] A Gram-positive strain(named as TT15) with high cellulase activity was obtained from a Cop-totermes formosanus-inhabiting soil.Based on the 16S rDNA analysis,TT15 was identified to be a strain of Bacillus cereus Gd2T.
the gender divide is approximately equal in children, who receive treatment for cerebral palsy, cerebral malaria, developmental delays and orthopaedic problems.
In 110 symptomatic patients, clinical improvement was observed in 96((87.8
Male Pekin Ducks exhibited 10% body weight and 2% feed conversion efficiency higher than female. Male Cherry Valley Ducks exhibited 7% body weight higher and 4.2% lower feed conversion efficiency than female.
Objective: To observe the therapeutic effect of Tangzhi decoction on type 2 diabetes mellitus (DM2) complicated with hyperlipidemia. Methods: One hundred and five cases of DM2 complicated with hyperlipidemia were randomly allocated to two groups: 32 cases treated with phenformin served as control group and 33 treated with phenformin and Tangzhi decoction as treatment group. The treatment course last 2 months. Results: The symptoms were improved, levels of fasting blood glucose (FBS), two-hour postprandial b
The propose of this study is to conduct bioinformatics research about the EF-hand domain contained protein family of Cryptosporidium parvum,and then predict the relationship between the EF-hand domains and the Ca2+ signal which may provide a new direction for the diagnosis and treatment of the cryptosporidiosis.
Incidence rate of pain and deep vein thrombosis of lower limb were observed during hospitalization.
A Chinese medicine in the form of buccal lozenge for preventing and treating cold, influenza, sore throat and pharyngolaryngitis is prepared from the root and leaf of roughhaired holly, other Chinese-medicinal materials, food and additive.
Kinetic study on lipase-catalyzed reaction in surfactant medium
7.Sequence-based ( after contigization by said algorithm ) comparison of sets of genes selected from both microarrays and verification that expression patterns of identical genes are identical .
Conclusion Interventional diagnosis and therapy of portal hypertension resulting from hepatic vascular abnormalities are effective and accurate.It should be recommended as a first line choice to treat these diseases.
the Chinese medicinal composition for treat that arthromyodynia can reduce the content of the nux vomica in the medicament,
The result of structure analysis showed that [P2W5 O23]6-of the heteropoly anion consists of five WO6 octahedra and two PO4 tetrahedron, and W, P atoms in the [P2W5O23]6-structure showed a distorted pentagonal bipyramidal configuration, and the heteropoly anions were connected to a infinite planar structure with the protonated dien by hydrogen bonds
Objective To prepare pseudoephedrine hydrochloride pulsatile-release mini-tablets and investigate the drug release mechanism in vitro.
Methods: Genotyping of NS 5 region of HCV genome was carried out in 78 HCV_infected patients by reverse transcription nested polymerase chain reaction (RT_PCR) and restriction fragment length polymorphism (RFLP) analysis.
Objective:To study the operative techniques and clinical value of total laparoscopic hysterectomy of gigantic uteri.
Objective To investigate the clinical curative effect of Pegasys combined with ribavirin in the treatment of chronic hepatitis C. .
These suspensions can be used to infiltrate the pore space in the electrolyte-coated 3D structure
the proces of extracting SOD from fresh animal blood feature water solution of trisodium citrate as anticoagulant, water solution of sodium chloride as detergent solution, water solution of disodium hydrophosphate and sodium biphosphate as buffer solution, and blood of chicken, duck, ox, sheep or pig as material
Nursing Care of Patients with Resistant Nephrotic Syndrome Treated with Percutaneous Close Renal Adipose Capsula
88.9% and 88.9% respectively. There was no statistic difference.
HLA-DQB1 gene polymorphisms in Guangdong province detected by genechip
the reason why that oxidation reaction in the heterogeneous solution system of the present invention lead to the sharp increase in the yield of carboxylic acid is not theoretically revealed yet
Anaerobic fermentation hydrogen production from sludge with appending Tinidazole Tablets was a process of reducing sugar material,the concentration of sugar in sludge was reduced 70.32%,and protein was reduced 26.25%.
SYNTHESIS AND ANTI-BIOFOULING PROPERTIES OF FLUORINE/SILICONE SYNERGISTICALLY MODIFIED ACRYLIC RESINS
the conventional non silicone acrylate defoamer added for comparison was that available under the trade name PC-2244 (Comp B
Uniform lead zirconate titanate [Pb(Zr_(0.52) Ti_(0.48)) O_3, PZT] thick films with about 70 μm in thickness were prepared by electrophoretie deposition. The effects of pH value on the stability of PZT suspensions and the quality of PZT films were studied by measuring zeta potential, viscosity and deposition rate
Methods Active immunotherapy with lymphocytes of husband was conducted in the patients with unexplained recurrent spontaneous abortion who were tested negative for blocking antibodies.The blocking antibodies before immunotherapy were compared to those after immunotherapy , and the pregnancy outcomes of patients accepting immunotherapy were compared to those refusing immunotherapy.
herb composition preparation is prepare from herba Portulacae rhizome ( snakeweed rhizomes ), Glycyrrhiza glabra ( europe Glycyrrhrizae radix ), fructus Punicae Granati, fructus Viti Viniferae, cortex Cinnamomi Japonici and calendula ( calendula officinalis L. ) by chopping above materials; air drying; extract with ethanol while stirring at room temperature for 72hr; extracting for three times; and vacuum filtering to obtain extract.
Q. Are there treatments?
Hypotension, often postural, and tachycardia occur late in the disease
strip for human epidermis surgical separation
Therapeutic effect of domestic lomefloxacin in 43 cases of bacterial infections
EXPERIMENTAL STUDY ON THE DEGRADATION OF RHODAMINE B IN WASTEWATER BY ELECTROCHEMICAL CATALYTIC OXIDATION
such rate are easily maintained when soluble compound are intravenously administered as discussed below
AF disappeared in 29.3% (17/58) patients who had early recurrence. P-wave dispersion (P<0. 001) , left atrial diameter (P=0. 016) and advanced age ( P = 0. 001) were significantly related to delayed cure.
Causes and the Corresponding Nursing Measures to Complications of Partial Splenic Embolization for Hypersplenia
homologous chromosome pair in both F_1 and F_2 PMC's was observed.
Newcastle disease virus strain GD1002,isolated from the diseased ducks in Guangdong province in 2010,was velogenic according to the pathogenetic tests and highly pathogenicity to duck.
varieties (“JD 8”, “Jing 411”,“Centurk” and “Tam 202”) were used to study the effect of heat stress on photosynthetic characteristics of flag leaf blade, flag leaf sheath, peduncle, glume, lemma and awn during grain_filling stage
Splenocytes obtained from mice treated by intranasal administration of either PBS or Apitope MS7 (83-99)
Prognostic factors and new risk group assignment schema in neuroblastoma
scanning rates or speeds for slow and fast scan directions are adjusted according to the derived terminal current at block 710.
Result:TXB\-2,6\|keto\|PGF\-\{1α\} compared with TXB\-2(P/T),MDA,IL\|6,IL\|8 and leukocyte number were closely related to pulmonary pressure,pulmonary vascular resistance and respiration index(RI) in the case of congenital heart disease with severe pulmonary hypertension during perioperation.
The critical concentration for muskmelon seed germination and seedling growth may be between 100~150 mmol5L~(-1), and cultivars from var.inodorus is more suitable for salt water irrigation and saline soil production
itraconazole was a drug with effect for treat dermatitis seborrheica [
Polygraphic characteristics of upper airway resistance syndrome
The UV protective layer is a 2,2,4,4-tetramethyl-1,3-cyclobutanediol-based polycarbonate containing an effective amount of a UV absorbing compound
In this context, colouring refers to doping glass in such a manner that the transmission or reflection spectrum of glass changes in the visible light region (approximately 400 to 700 nm) and/or ultraviolet region (200 to 400 nm) and/or near infrared region (700 to 2000 nm) and/or infrared region (2 mm to 50 mm).
A water dispersible solid formulation comprising an active ingredient, a surfactant of non-ionic type, a surfactant of anionic type and at least 30 wt% of urea is disclosed.
Conclusion LTG is a effective medicine for both epilepsy and ADHD, and there is a little side effect
the modulation signal may have a pulse width selected to influence the therapeutic result,
The electrolyte salt dissolved in the nonaqueous solvent may be electrolyte salt which includes ions to serve as carriers and corresponds with the positive electrode active material layer 102.
Comparison between features or qualities of two things in different worlds to show their similarity, e.g. a pump can be used as an analogy for the heart-both circulate material through a system and have valves and inlet/outlet chambers to accomplish this.
Investigation and analysis on the present status of health education in patients with liver transplantation
AIM: To understand the dynamic expression of endogenous EGF and its receptor in deep second degree burn or scald wound in patients during wound healing in order to provide theoretical basis for clinical application of exgenous EGF. METHODS: The samples were harvested from second deep degree burn or scald wounds in patients on the 1st, 3rd, 5th, 7th, 10th, 14th and 21st day post injury respectively. At the same time, normal skin was harvested to be used as control. Immunohistochemistry and hybridization...
CONCLUSION:Administration of LE for ovulation induction in women with PCOS may produce higher rate of single follicle ovulation and better endometrial receptivity, but reduce the multiple pregnancy and incidence of OHSS, suggesting that it is favorable to ovulation induction therapy and a
synthesis and Cyclomercuration of 1, 1'-Bis[l- ( arylimino) ethyl] ferrocene
Methods: After establishing dopaminergic neurons in substantia nigra injury model by injecting rotenone subcutaneously on back of neck,immunohistochemistry for tyrosine hydroxylase(TH) in substantia nigra and striatum and Nissl staining were carried out.Also,hematoxylin-eosin(HE) staining and Nissl staining were used to observe the morphological changes in heart,liver,spleen,kidney,hippocampus and parietal cortex.
The invention discloses a preparation method of antibiotic-free microbial fermentation feed, which is used for producing green fermentation feed added with no chemical.
Objective To study the anti-aging effect of brewing bifidobeer in aged mice and drosophila melanogasters.
a nutritional survey conducted in 1999 showed that 70.6% of women in the kouilu region had an acceptable corpulence; obesity is a problem that principally affects urban areas (18.9% of women at pointe-noire, as against 7.7% in the countryside).
interferons act as antiviral, antiproliferative, and immune signaling proteins in the bodies and have direct antiproliferation effects on cancer cells, and thus, have received much attention as therapeutic agents postka s., langer j. a. and zoon k. c. ( 1987 ) interferons and their actions, annu.
Spinal Osteophytosis
individuals concerned about their cardiovascular health, such as athletes and hypochondriacs,
Double-blind comparative observation of clozapine combined with flouxetine in treatment of chronic schizophrenia
Following this 3' untranslated region, the sequence of pBR322 was re-initiated beginning with either the HindIII site (as in the mature NT3 secretion plasmid) or the BamHI site (PhoA, VEGF, RANTES secretion plasmids).
Graphic Theoretical Method for Mapping Molecular Marker Loci
TiO2 nanopowders were prepared with sol-emulsion-gel method through hydrolyzing Ti(OC4H9)4.
Effect and Safety of Early Oral Ibuprofen on Patent Ducts Arteries in Very Low Birth Weight Infants
Objective To study the effects of P53 gene and P38 MAPK gene in HepG2 and SPC-A1 Cells after treatmet with 2,3,7,8-tetrachlorodibenzo-p-dioxin(TCDD) and their dose-response.
study on that microencapsulation of heme-enriched peptide by enzymatic hydrolysis
The mismatch primer MycRM1 allows detection of hypomethylated myc DNA in K562 DNA compared to the fully-methylated DNA of CpGenome.
more specifically the tumor is selected from the group consisting of adenoma , angio sarcoma , astrocytoma , epithelial carcinoma ,
the product can be use for treating seborrheic alopecia with little adverse side effect
Supercritical CO_2 Fluid Extraction of Taxol from Needles of Taxus Chinensis var. Mairei
Here,this review tried to summarize the relationship between translational control and germline stem cell fate determination,especially focused on recent progresses in the field.And we also discuss the probable molecular detailed mechanisms involved in the process.
B-ultrasound image 2 months later showed separation of renal collecting system improved markedly without stone of strong echo.
Conclusion:Both duloxetine and citalopram were effective in the treatment of depression,with duloxetine response earlier and more effective in the treatment of depressed with somatic symptoms.
Activation of caspase 3 during apoptosis of bladder cancer induced by arsenic trioxide
The disease preventing suspension seed coating of the invention can also be broadly applied to the seed treatments for various plants or crops,
Detection of interleukin-2 and T lymphocytes subsets and their significance in toxicomaniac patients
In operating appetitive conditioning of 12 rabbits, unit discharge of 172 neurons in different forebrain areas ( visual area, motor area, dorsal hippocampus) were recorded.It was discovered that the change of neurons' activation in every forebrain area was interrelated with different aspects of behaviour ( environment, motor, goal) . We also found that in different forebrain areas the number of neurons interrelated with the change of some aspects of behaviour was not equal. The most sign
in particular to a reagent kit for distinguish and detecting dengue virus, yellow fever virus, w nile virus and chikungunya virus by utilizing multiple real-time fluorescent polymerase chain reaction technologies.
Results(1) Compared with the corresponding normoxia(20% oxygen) controls,IL-6 level was significantly decreased after treatment with 1% oxygen for 3 h and 6 h(P<0.01,P<0.05),and the levels of IL-1β and TNF-α were not significantly different.
Objective To investigate the effect of warming yang antidiarrheal on the rotavirus enteritis and myocardial enzymes.
Computerised Patient Records - Medical Specialty / Sub-speciality
The Image Diagnosis of Malignant Fibrous Histiocytoma (An Analysis of 5 Cases)
Study on the clinical application of the changing of cytokines and T sub-cells in the infection and incidence of tuberculosis
STUDY ON FUSION OF HUMAN LUNG SQUAMOUS CANCER CELLS WITH PERIPHERAL BLOOD DENDRITIC CELLS
The optimal extraction conditions of flavonoids from jujube pit were: using 60% ethanol solution as extract,cellulose enzyme dosage of 1. 5%,enzyme temperature 55 ℃,hydrolysis time 90 min,enzymolysis pH 5. 0,the yield of flavonoids extraction was 487. 8 mg/100 g.
The safe and effective amount of the active ingredient will vary with the particular condition being treated; the physical condition and age of the patient being treated;
Significance of combined detection of multi-biochemical cardiac makers for evaluating the prognosis of patients with non-ST-segment elevation acute coronary syndromes.
the proces comprises follow steps: separating that stock blood into plasma and blood cell with centrifugal machine; breaking cell wall of plasma with microwave and enzyme, mix with blood cell for dissolution; adding denaturant for protein, then adding biological enzyme for enzymolysis, the protein in plasma and blood cell is enzymolized into short-peptide protein and amino acid; drying by spraying and getting the product
Degradation Ability of Alkaliphilic Ligninolytic Bacteria
Examples of such immunogenic proteins include, but are not limited to, keyhole limpet hemocyanin, serum albumin, bovine thyroglobulin, and soybean trypsin inhibitor.
such as higher than 1000N / mm The microbial cellulose vessels and the microbial cellulose tubes of the present invention can be used in surgical procedures to replace a vessel in the animal or the human body , e.g. as an artificial blood vessel , urethra , ureter , trachea , a digestive tract vessel , or a lymphatic vessel .
The experimental results showed that the highest hydrolysis degree were comples protease.The optimal hydrolysis degree was achieved at 53. 26% with the following conditions: hydrolysis temperature of 55 ℃,hydrolysis time of 4 h,pH 9. 0,enzyme concentration 2 500 U/g,the ratio of water to materials 1:3.
the overall yield of this in situ two step synthesis of mercaptoethymethyldimethoxysilane was 75 percent.
Those skilled in the art will appreciate that instead of administering ligands/labels directly, they could be administered in a precursor form, for conversion to the active form (e.g., ligating form, labelling form) by an activating agent present in, or administered to, the same subject
health care product capable of treat deficiency cold of spleen and stomach, epigastric pain, and acid regurgitation and belching
Gastric lavage and chemical toxin analysis in early stage are of vital importance, plasma exchange, tracheotomy and machanical ventilation are the most effective treatment methods
33. A pharmaceutical composition as defined in claim 32, further comprising at least one additional agent chosen from viral serine protease inhibitor, viral polymerase inhibitor,
Effect of asiaticoside on proliferation of scar fibroblasts and expression of phosphorylated Smad2 and Smad7
Khaki-Campbell duck and 4 strains of Shaoxing duck (Shaobai of high production strain, Shaobai of large egg strain, Shaohong of high production strain, Shaohong of large egg strain) were studied for the analysis of variance and estimation of least squares means based on the data of following GPT and GOT.
Expression of γ-synuclein in Endometrial Carcinoma and Its Relationship with the Prognosis
Analysis of Hopf Bifurcation Caused by Sodium Ions Anti-Electromotive in the Hodgkin-Huxley Model in Muscles
Specifically,the observation group was divided into 3 subgroups including group 1(admitted within 6 after birth,n=14),group 2(admitted 6-12 hours after birth,n=26),and group 3(admitted 12-24 hours after birth,n=16).
Isolation and Extraction of Glycinin and β-conglycinin and the Influence of the Extract on the Proliferation and Immune Function of Weaning Young Pigs Peripheral Blood Lymphocytoma Cells in Vitro Culture
a lipid or a lipid mixture and one or more surfactants.
Method: The male Wistar rats are randomly divided into the normal food matched control( C)、 high methionine diets group ( M) and sports+ hypermethionine diets group( S
The original recipe of XCHT group (G), bupleurum root-scutellaria root group (A) resisted the apoptosis induced by CCl4(4.2 117 ± 2.3 733,6.4 800 ± 2.4 052, 5.6 200 ± 2.0 573, 4.6 440 ± 0.8 825, vs 16.3 175 ± 4.5 358, P <0.01).
A first embodiment of the invention encompasses methods of treating and preventing MD, which comprise administering to a patient (e.g., a mammal such as a human) in need thereof a therapeutically or prophylactically effective amount of an immunomodulatory compound or a pharmaceutically acceptable salt, solvate, hydrate, stereoisomer, clathrate or prodrug thereof.
Processing of milk flavored calcium amino acid chelate chewing pills
Most types of tofu are enriched with calcium and thus, prevents osteoporosis.
Anti-nasopharyngeal carcinoma effect in vivo and in vitro of cytotoxicity T lymphocyte induced by Ad5-latent membrane protein 2A
Analysis on the Antibody Characteristic in the Serum of Mandarinfish ( Siniperca chuatsi ) After Epidemiced Bacterial Septicemia
Blood vessel separation vibrator
Thermometry of Intracellular Ice Crystal Formation in Cryopreserved Platelets
Objective: To investigate the thrombolytic effect of recombinant staphylokinase on carotid artery thrombus in rabbits.
Feelings of lightheadedness or you have a fainting episode.
at least one chaotropic agent, with the concentration of chaotropic agent adjusted such that the final concentration of chaotropic agent in the assay used for measurement in step (b) (measuring assay) is in excess of 40% of its saturation concentration in the measuring assay at the temperature used for the measurement, or with
Patients with hysteric syncope treated with acupuncturing on RENZHONG
Methods:80 cases of gastric cancer patients were randomly divided into two groups,40 cases in each group.Control group only used chemotherapy the treatment group used modified Fuzheng Kang’ai Decoction based on chemotherapy.
lysine residue
EXPERIMENTAL STUDY OF NEONATALLY THYMECTOMIZED MICE II. Study on changes of T cell in peripheral blood of neonatally thymectomized mice by acid α--naphthyl acetate esterase ( ANAE ) staining
Also present in sugar beet extract are a trisaccharide, raffinose, which has a D-galactopyranosyl unit attached to sucrose, and a tetrasacchtride, stachyose, which contains another D-galactosyl unit.
Although the biosynthetic pathway of JH has been elucidated, the enzymes related to the pathway are poorly understood.
Said product has good antibacterial function, and has no toxicity or irritativity, and has the skin-moistening function.
in yet another aspect that present invention provide the use of a composition as defined above in the preparation of a medicament for the treatment of inflammatory disease
If patient has shown arrhythmia caused by irregular heart beats, measurements are unreliable or even impossible and load time will be extended.
A structural general formula of the amino modified perylene diimide derivative is represented in formula I or formula II, wherein R1 is selected from C1-C10 alkylene; R2 is same to or different with the R1, is independently selected from H and C1-C10 alkyl; C4 represents substituted C1-C10 alkyl, wherein R4 is selected from hydroxyl, halogen and alkoxy; R3 same or different, is independently selected from H, OH, N(R5)2, Cl or Br; and R5, same or different, is selected from H or C1-6 alkyl.
Study of morphological changes in levator ani muscle of patients with stress urinary incontinence or pelvic organ prolapse
②After treatment,plasma parathyroid hormone levels,serum creatinine,blood urea nitrogen,β2-MG,calcium,phosphorus levels were significantly decreased,compared with those before the treatment(P<0.05).Conclusion:Hemoperfusion combined with hemodialysis treatment of uremic pruritus can be cleared concurrent blood endotoxin and parathyroid hormone effectively,improved symptoms in patients with pruritus,the clinical effecency is significant.
The Application of Capillary Electrophoresis to Gene Analysis
Study On Alkali--Resistant Mechanism of Na_2O--SiO_2--ZrO_2--TiO_2 System Glasses
The valve closes off when the patient exhales reducing the possibilities of cross contamination.
Blood lipid,liver lipid and enzyme level are lowered remarkably by Hongmacha,which can aslo effectively protect the liver by improving the hepatic anti-oxidative capability,inhibiting lipid peroxidation and eliminating oxide free radicale of the body.
EXPERIMENT STUDY ON THE BIOCHEMICAL BEMODELING VENTRICULAR COLLAGEN MATRIX FOLLOWING MYOCARDIAL INFARCTION IN RATS
To assess the sensitivity of an Integrated Management of Childhood Illness (IMCI) algorithm to detect common skin conditions in children in Fiji.
Mechanisms of the antiapoptosis of mitochondrion of plasma membrane-associated sialidase(Neu3)
The Correlation between 7-year-old to 9-year-old Children’s Masticatory Efficiency, Occlusal Contact Area and Primary Molars Defect or Loss
HPLC conditions : chromatogrom column : C-18
Among the 200 patients who were enrolled(101 in the antibody group and 99 in the placebo group), the rate of recurrence of C. difficile infection was lower among patients treated with monoclonal antibodies(7%vs.25%; 95%confidence interval, 7 to 29; P<0. 001).
in that clinical diagnostic reagent of the present invention, the content of the present inhibitor may suitably be selecte depending on the method of clinical analysis and the target to be detect, and may be such that the content of the polymer ( H) of the inhibitor in the hybridization system is usually 0.0001 to 20 wt %, preferably 0.001 to 10 wt
The chemisorption of H_2 and H_2O, and their reactivity with CO on a Ni catalyst were investigated using pulse reactor.
Specimens of cervical swab were detectedfor the antigen of CT by Chlamydia EIA (Syvaco, USA
the proces consists in disper octahydrate of barium hydroxide in acrylic acid to form a monomer mixture
Methods Fifty patients who received neurosurgical procedures were divided into control group and DEX group.After induced intubation,they were randomly allocated to either DEX 0. 8 μg·kg-1·h-1 or normal saline until the endocranium was completely closed.
Finite Field/AM1 Study of Nonlinear Optical Properties of N-(4-Amino-Benzilidene) p-Nitroaniline and Its Homologs
Observation on the therapeutic effect of Chinese herbs combined with sildenafil in the treatment of erectile dysfunction
To furtheranalyze the biological function of both the up-regulation and down regulationgenes of phlegmatic hygrosis constitution, 20 genes with significant differencesbetween groups (a b, and a c) was picked out, excluding weak signal, biologicalfunction for genes with ratio> 1.5(up-regulated) and ratio< 0.67(down regulated) was analyzed
The results showed that the degraded products from lignin pharmaceutical consisted of four types of compound,i.e. ,butylated hydroxyltoluene(BHT),monose,organic acid and related lignin units.
Kit for detecting G119S mutation of culex acetylcholinesterase
The compounds of formula I can be converted into acid addition salts, for example by treatment with an inorganic acid such as a hydrohalic acid, for example hydrochloric or hydrobromic acid, sulphuric acid, phosphoric acid and the like or with an organic acid such as oxalic acid, malonic acid, succinic acid, amidosulphonic acid, fumaric acid, maleic acid, ascorbic acid, salicylic acid, tartaric acid, citric acid, methanesulphonic acid, benzenesulphonic acid, camphorsulphonic acid, ethanedisulphonic acid, anthraquinone-1,5-disulphonic acid (Journal of Pharmaceutical Sciences, 1977, Vol. 66, pages 1-16) and the like.
Value of Fluorine-18-FDG-PET to Diagnose Gastric Carcinoma of the Nude Mice
The asarin composite freeze-dried powder for injection comprises 4 to 8 grams of asarin, 40 to 80ml of ethanol of which the volume ratio is between 95 and 100 percent and 24 to 80 grams of mannitol.
In order to know the fact and behavior psychology character of obese students in primary school in Beijing, 1570 students from 40 schools were tested. The result shows that the rate of obese students have reached 19.5%, and there is significant different between male and female students. The simple obesity is main character. For obese students, there is different in dietary and exercise behavior comparing to normal students. The obese student's self admit is not good, they have sense of ...
STUDIES ON THE ADIPONITRILE SYNTHESIS TECHNOLOGY(Ⅱ) SIDE-REACTIONS
spinal arthroplasty device and method
during a course of the follow-up no manifestation of cancerous cells in the treated volume was detected , which was confirmed by substantial hystologic analysis .
Changes in Th1 cells and CD4~+CD25~+Treg cells in non-obese diabetic mice at early stage of diabetes
can save the expenditure and provides a good platform for sifting the addictive medication and other intravenous medicaments.
With meningococcal polysaccharide extraction by alkali method, through the single factor analysis and L9(34) orthogonal experiment of extraction temperature, extraction time, pH value, solid to liquid ratio of four factors on the extraction rate of polysaccharide;while using in vitro adjacent benzene three phenol from determination of oxidation method and Smirnoff method were antioxidant activity of polysaccharides.
When Ca2+ was combined,the activity of SOD,CAT,POD,APX in leaf tissue was improved obviously and the treatment of 200 mg/kg Ca2+ increased greater than 100 mg/kg Ca2+.
Methods 90 IGT patients were selected in random, and divided into three groups: diet plus exercise group, Acarbose group and Metformin group.
Conclusion Artovastatin can reverse and stabilize the Coronary artery atheromatous plaque,and reduce the occurrence of acute coronary artery affairs.64 slice spiral CT can quantitatively evaluate the changes of atheromatous plaque.It provides objective basis for the clinic treatment.
Comparative Study of the Detachment Psychotherapy and Sertraline in the Treatment of Generalized Anxiety Disorders
These repetitive elements can be found within a chromosome, within a genome or across genomes of various species.
The Raman spectra analysis of BaWO_4 crystal
The methods for screening diabetic mellitus used in this study were simple,quick,and limited the harm to animals.However,the incidence of diabetes was higher in these tested monkeys than in the regular human population in China(9. 7%),suggesting that these methods are useful for screening diabetic disease in a large population but not suitable for all cynomolgus monkeys.
identify Glycyrrhrizae radix in that powder by thin-layer chromatography with Glycyrrhrizae radix as positive control
systolic and diastolic blood pressure readings did not change by four months .
A new kind of bond organic/inorganic composites second-order nonlinear optical (NLO) material containing 4-(4'-Nitrophenyl-diazenyl) phenyl-1,3-diamine azobenzene(DAB) was synthesized through sol-gel process.The second-order NLO coefficient(d33) of poled film is 7.784×10-9 esu according to one dimensional rigid oriented gas model(1DROGM).The three-dimensional networks can restrict the dipole alignment relaxation of NLO chromophores.The results show that this bonded polymer film has a high NLO capability at ...;
1. The average concentrations of the serum adiponectin in healthy people were 8.34±4.72μg/ml, and the serum adiponectin levels in female(9.92±4.62μg/ml) were higher than those in male(6.99±4.43μg/ml, P<0.01).
This anomalous ductal anatomic feature can be isualized on sonography because of the improed resolution of recent sonographic scanners.
Complex microfluidic cell culture devices have been for instance developed for diverse cell types such as Eukaryotic cells, lung cells, embryonic stem cells, and mammalian embryos.
Placebo granules correspond with mesalazine verum granules in respect to size, taste and appearance.
22. The process according to claim 1, characterized in that said aqueous solution of the acid and said aqueous solution of the base which are formed in phase c), independently have a normal concentration of acid and base, respectively, ranging from 0.1N to 5N.
Mechanism of sustained-release fluorouracil suppressing the growth of human colorectal cancer in nude mice
Medicament for treating stranguria and preparation method thereof
A 1200bp fragment was amplified from a salinity resist rice variety, liaoyan 241 by RT-PCR using osMSRMK2 gene special primer
The Biochemical Defects of Gingival Fibroblasts from Periodontitis Sites I.Single-Strand DNA Breaks and Deficiency of DNA Damage Repair
Application of 6 kinds of proliferous liquids and 5 kinds of culture mediums in testing 8 kinds of food-induced pathogenic bacteria
the principle use to conjugate small molecule anticancer drug mitomycin ( mmc; kyowa hakko kogyo, tokyo
These compounds include but are not limited to siRNA, antisense, ribozyme, triple helix, antibody, and polypeptide molecules, aptamrs, and small organic or inorganic molecules.
Anti-infective bone transplantation experiment in animal
The results showed that all Apocynum lancifolium were dead under 400 mmol/L NaCl stress,but the survival rate was 100% under the other treatments,which suggested that the effect of single salt stress was more serious than the other saline-alkali stress.
the relation between apolipoprotein B gene polymorphism and level of plasma lipid in patients with ICVD by polymerase chain reaction
the general idea is to have as much individuality as possible along the preferred or actual sense reduction direction and to feature as much spatial distinctness as possible along the axes of primary clinical interest.
Objective Using the resting EEG to explore weather the age difference will affect the alpha frontal asymmetry,further validate resting EEG alpha asymmetry stability as indicator of emotion regulation ability.
Effects of Baicalin on the Proliferation and Total Protein Content in Cultured Human Periodontal Ligament Cells.
the ultrasonic probe 1 is used for applying a pression on the breast and therefore the pression is applied in the scanning direction of the ultrasonic beam.
Alternatively, suitable fragment(s) of PTP 1D may be produced by recombinant technology.
Effect of cyclosporin A on activation of immune cells in brain after chronic cerebral hypoperfusion in aged rats
THE EFFECTS OF DIETARY PHOSPHORUS AND CALCIUM TO PHOSPHORUS RATIO ON THE ACTIVITIES OF ALKALINE PHOSPHATASE AND SERUM CALCIUM AND PHOSPHORUS IN MINIATURE-PIGS(XIANG PIG
The change of LPL mRNA of diabetic rat myocardium
STUDY ON HARDENING MECHANISM OF BARIUM SLAG BINDING AGENT
Clinic Observation of Ropivacaine Compound Fentanyl Effect at Epidural Labor Analgesic
Misdiagnosis of High Gastric Ulcer as Unstable Angina Pectoris: Analysis of 17 Cases
Object:Develop a RRLC method for the determination of daptomycin in fermentation broth of Streptomyces roseosporus.
The mitochondrial genome of T. maculata is biased tow ard a high A+Tcontent (A+T=81. 1%) .
one group of useful co-monomers includes those having a homopolymer glass transition temperature greater than the glass transition temperature of the ( meth ) acrylate ( i.e., acrylate or methacrylate ) homopolymer.
Result The respiratory tract diseases occupy 74. 3%, and digestive system diseases 15. 2%, virus rash 4. 2% and others 6. 3
The resistance to antibiotics is inclined to rise year by year in this study. The resistance to imipenem, ceftazidime, cefepime and amikacin rose from 5.0%, 8.4%, 15.2% and 31.1% in 1999, to 44.9%, 34.6%, 40.3% and 66.3% in 2003 respectively
in most cases, sexual abuse of children is almost never reported; discovery occurs when a child contracts a sexually transmitted disease and must be treated.
Probes can also hybridize here with polynucleotides which are less than 70% identical to the sequence of the probe.
In the 8 cases of ischemic low-flow type priapism, 4 achieved detumescence after receiving metaraminol injection (2~8 mg) at the root of cavernous body, and perfusion of haparinized saline at glans and root of cavernous body of the penis by contrecoup if necessary (1 had ED
it is report that that outermost surface of most organic polymers is hydrophobic due to a preponderance of nonpolar group and is, therefore, difficult to wet.
Purpose:To evaluate the safety and feasibility of single-stage resection and anastomosis of acute colon obstruction caused by colorectal cancer.
According to the 2004 health statistics there were accounted 200 abortions per 1000 live birth and 12 abortions per 1000 women of reproductive age (Graph.
For example, the therapeutic index （ratio of the maximum tolerated dose to the minimum effective dose） of penicillin is so wide that moderate blood concentration differences due to bioavailability differences in penicillin products may not affect therapeutic efficacy or safety.
in vertebrate, modified heart muscle tissue that emerge as branches from that bundle of His and conducts excitation rapidly across the ventricles
Thereafter, little work had been done on characterizing these cells until 1993 when Takechi et al. (1993) performed immunohistochemical investigations on these cells.
A traditional method comprises the following steps of:discharging all the mature fermented grains from a fermentation tank,
The Characteristics of Intestinal Flora in Patients with Liver Cirrhosis and its Therapeutic Observation
it appear that compound 1 targets spermatid or that Sertoli cell associated with these spermatids because histologic changes are observe in these spermatids first.
the product is rich in starch, pectin, fat, reduce sugar, amino acids, vitamin, and minerals, has nutritional and dietetic health promotion values
Methods Use the psychology, prevention of the complication, special nursing, diet nursing and recovery guide
6.The YEFM patients usually were found in one family.
In principle, this method should be applicable to immobilize other soluble enzymes which do not destroy the molecular structure of silk fibroin.
CONCLUSION : IL-21is a cytokine involved in HCV-associated liver pathological damage and may be an available marker to evaluate hepatic inflammation for CHC.
however, that location of the attachment point is a matt of choice and should be selected have regard to the intended use of the masking article.
ANALYSIS AND EVALUATION ON METHODS OF FETAL MORITORING
The average decay rates for the total bacterial count and fungi count with the methods of knock-on and settling process were 93. 95% and 91. 62%,respectively when the air of uninhabited room of tunnel was sterilized by ClO2 aerosol sprayer in the dose of 10 mg/m3.
Objective: To investigate electrocardiogram changes of patients with the malignant tumor.
The konjac refined powder is prepared through a conventional processing method, and the konjac refined powder is purified, eluted, smashed through supersonic speed and the like to obtain the adhesive for the cigar cigarettes.
7. The method according to claim 1 for production of 1,2-propanediol, wherein said microorganism comprises a gene coding for a mutant YqhD or a gene coding for a mutant glycerol dehydrogenase.
A Study on Multi-Rotating Mirror Double-Beam Scanning Field
the Fc receptor bin polypeptide typically
in a particularly prefer embodiment, that Src family tyrosine kinase inhibitor is an ATP-competitive Src family tyrosine kinase inhibitor having a hydrophobic group that is less than about 6 angstrom in size situated adjacent to an ATP-mimicing heteroaromatic moiety.
Conclusion Effective preventions on FES could be achieved by application of dexamethasone and low-molecular-weight dextran.Of them,the combined use of the two drugs,which may interrupt multiple pathological procedures in FES,has the strongest preventive effect,followed by dexamethasone.
An experimental study of repairing nerve gap with acellular basal lamina tubes
Introduction to Organ Replacement and Tissue Engineering
the core/shell structure is formed by seed polymerization wherein fluorinated polymer particles are used as seeds.
this provides improved control in patients whose heart rates vary proportionally to their degree of physical activity,
5. A method in accordance with claim 1 in which said dispersion (crude TPA) contains at least 80 to 99+% terephthalic acid (TPA), 0 to 20% isophthalic acid (IPA), and minor amounts of 4-carboxyaldehyde (4-CBA), 3-carboxyaldehyde (3-CBA) and impurities selected from unreacted starting materials, solvents, products of side reactions and/or other undesired materials.
Effects of Organotin Compounds on the Lipid Peroxidation of Oyste
it was found that that activity of ppo1, ppo2was increase a few, that of ppo3 was" nt increased, that of ppo4, ppo5, ppo6 was increase greatly.
Observation on Therapeutic Effect of 80 Cases of Uremic Cutaneous Pruritus Treated with Acupuncture
Each efflux assay was carried out in the presence and in the absence of 30.mu.M verapamil.
Bone resorption and osteolysis after joint prosthesis replacement operations
The Comparison between the Dialysis Patient and the Kidney Transplantation in Depression and Anxiety and Its Nursing
Breeding performance of does: total litter size, survival litter size, initial litter weight, litter weight at 2l d, weaning litter size and individual weight at weaning are 7 14, 6 76, 350 5 g, 2 775 g, 5 71 and 1 030 g, respectively
Methods The effects of many factors,including formulation and technique on the release behavior of Metlazone Sustained Release Tablets were investigated.
Determination of Acipimox in materials by HPLC
Results In the group MC, SS and JS, the occurrence rates of sleep disorders were 27%, 62% and 54%, respectively, and in which the appearance rates of insomnia were 17%, 19% and 19%, longing for sleep were 10%, 43% and 35% respectively.
the DNA molecule include a nucleotide sequence as in SEQ ID NO: 2, either stably integrated in that plant genome or transiently express.
The effects of different molecular weight cutoff(MWCO) and sources of dialysis tubings on digestibilities of dry matter and phosphorus in vitro evaluated using bionic digestion system were revealed to provide a reference for designing agendum of phosphorus digestion evaluation of feed ingredients for pigs.
This has occurred despite knowledge that linoleic and linolenic acids are competitive substrates in the metabolic cascade by which 18-carbon PUFA yield 20- and 22-carbon more highly unsaturated PUFA
The effect of Tongluo prescription on NADPH oxidase in diabetic nephropathy in rats
OBJECTIVE To explore whether curcumin could induce the expression of heme oxygenase-1(HO-1) in rat’s aortic artery and the contents of malondialdehyde(MDA),oxidized low-density lipoprotein(ox-LDL) in atherosclerotic rats.
Objective To evaluate the correlation between hepatocellular carcinoma incidence and HBeAg(-)/(+) in chronic hepatitis B patients with long-term nucleoside analogue therapy.
Elevated serotonin will improve your mood within 20 to 30 minutes.
The compound is a GSTs activity inhibiting compound obtained through high throughput screening,
Clinical Observation of Pemetrexed Monotherapy or Combination Regimen as Second-line Treatment for Advanced Non-small Cell Lung Cancer
Most of the placenta in babies with birth defects had pathological changes,such as retarded villous maturation,placenta infection,etc.
Objective:To discuss the clinical curative effects of the integration of traditional Chinese and western medicine in treating chronic pulmonary heart disease.
Objective To evaluate the safety and efficiency of CCC after extracting some liquefied cortex with needle in white expansion cataract.
it may be envisaged that the functional coating may be a coating to increase the affinity of defined regions of a surface for a reagent of interest, or for a biological marker or binding agent, such as an antibody or suitable fragment thereof.
Method for catalytic synthesis of N, N'-bis(propylene ethyl ester) adipamide
Conclusion The super voice check can discover various embryo kidney growth abnormal, is a kind of good prenatal period to diagnose a method
Analysis of nosocomical infection with extended spectrum β-lactamases-producing bacteria in ICU
Activin A’s promotion of definitive endoderm differentiation from human embryonic stem cells
Study of the Combination of Neuroprotectants on Ischemic Volume and Apoptosis of Neurons and the Expression of Caspase-3 of Focal Ischemia in Rats
Purpose To observe the ultrasonographic features of periventricularintraventricular hemorrhage(PIVH) in preterm infants, to evaluate the value of cranial ultrasound for early diagnosis of PIVH.
The Value of Preoperative CT Scan for Breast Cancer
The plates were developed twice in a solvent system of dichloromethane-ethyl acetate-methanol-water (2: 1. 5: 0. 5: 0. 05) and color development with a-naphthol-sulfonic acid-ethanol solution. The detection wavelength was 520 nm.
PBMC was activated with 2 ug/ml phytohemagglutinin (PHA) in RPMI1640 medium for 1 day and the cells were washed three times before lentiviral siRNA vector transduction at 10 MOI.
study on that preparation of Mercapto-polyvinylalcohol fib and its adsorbability for some metallic ions
The microphase separation featuies of poly-(urethane-imide)-, polyurethane ( PU), and poly-(urethane-urea)-(PU-U) were investigated by using DSC and DMA (Dynamic Mechanical Analysis
The results showed that lung structure of heat stress group pigs was markedly destroyed in comparison with the control group.The number of mast cells and goblet cells in tracheal mucosa and lung increased significantly (P<0.05).
Group 1 comprised 20 patients with no associated mycosis fungoides or Sezary syndrome(PFM) and group 2 was made up of the other 11 patients who had clinicopathological evidence of cutaneous T-cell lymphoma(LAFM
RESULTS Contents of procaine hydrochloride and ρ-aminobenzonic acid in two different prepared procaine hydrochloride injections were 0.2390 g·100 mL-1,0.2270 g·100 mL-1and 1957 μg·100 mL-13215 μg·100 mL-1.CONCLUSION Buthl rubber stopper has the effect on stability of procaine hydrochloride injection
Fabrication of allogeneic cartilage with tissue engineering technique and repair of laryngeal cartilage defects in rabbits
the study showed the expression of Bcl - 2 gene is not increase in every time between the saline group and the pLXSN group, in 3,6 hour after MCAO the treaty group hasnt increased, but significantly increase in 24, 48,72 hour compared the control group.
AⅠ and AⅡ were increased, especially AⅠ reached its peak at 4 h and AⅡ reached its peak at 8 h post trauma in plasma;
include, but are not limit to, insulin, antibiotics, nutritional fluid, total parenteral nutrition or TPN, analgesics, morphine, hormones or hormonal drugs, gene therapy drug, anticoagulants, analgesics, cardiovascular medications, AZT or chemotherapeutics.
Conclusion Families are hard to accept emotionally;medical disputes increase due to following reasons: shortage of experiences in clinicians,atypical onset and lacking of prevision medical history.
Study on Numerical Simulation of theSpraying Reaction and Deposition Process
Clinical Management of extremly low birth weight infants:a 2-case report
Prokaryotic Expression and Bioinformatics Analysis of Antiquitin Protein from Arabidopsis Thaliana
Aim: To observe the stability and the feasibility of micro-implant instant load on rats with different thyroid functional status.
following treatment, allograft products must be tested for bacterial contamination prior to release of the tissue for transplantation.
The Influence of Some Factors on DNA Sequencing
Clinical application of promoting blood flow and removing dampness in treatment of hypoxemia
The Levels of NO in the plasma at 1,3,5 and 10 d were lower than the control and they still did not recover at 20 d( P <0 05).
The interactions between human serum album in(HSA) and camptothecine and colchicine were studied at pH 7 .4,25℃ and frequency of vibration 140 to 160 Hz by using equilibrium dialysis method.
the processes involve the use of an initiator to initiate polymerization of vinylpyridine monomers in water.
The study on the effects of melantonin and taxol on the growth of Hela cells
And that is, in fact, what these particular cell cultures are chronically infected with.
In this paper, the ginkgo leaves in different shoots were investigated. The leaf width, petiole length and basal angle were spur> short shoot> long shoot
Insulin, Regular, Pork \Regular insulin preparations that contain the SUS SCROFA insulin peptide sequence.
Finally , since L19 reacts equally well with mouse and human ED - B , it can be used for both pre-clinical and clinical studies .
The systemic study of the "plexogenic pulmonary arteriopathy" has some limitation, but can be approached by animal experiments
Effect of Rhubarb on Cerebral Hemorrhage Rats' Hippocampal LPO
Conclusion Developmental care may help the weight gaining of the extremely low birth weight infants and so improve their ability to survive.
inactivation of these protein can be combined with overexpression of ACEA, ACEB, ACEK, ACS, CITZ, FRD, GALP, PEPC, and PYC to further increase succinate yield
Methods The total RNA was extracted from tree shrew liver tissues,cDNA was then obtained by reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction.Apolipoprotein AV gene fragment was amplified by PCR.
The patients with MsPGN+FSGS presented mainly type of Yin deficiency of liver and kidney (4/13), type of Yang deficiency of spleen and kidney (4/13) and type of Kidney asthenia and blood stasis (4/13) respectively.
study on FGM oxidation resistance film of graphite material
The process comprises carbonylating methanol to form a reaction mixture comprising a catalyst, catalyst stabilizer, acetic acid, methanol, methyl iodide, methyl acetate, water, and carbon monoxide and introducing at least a portion of the reaction mixture to a distillation column to separate into a bottom steam comprising the catalyst and catalyst stabilizer, a sidedraw stream comprising acetic acid and water, and an overhead stream comprising methanol, methyl acetate, methyl iodide, and water.
investigation of immunological mechanism of that in vivo antitumor effect of K_8 ( C_6H_ ( 11 ) N_3O_2 ) _2[SiW_9Ti_3O_ ( 40 ) ] ( WT )
It provided a reference for further develop the pharmacological activities of curcumin and its derivatives and analogues.
Because of the rapidity and transient nature of abnormal blood flow patterns and other movements such as cardiac contractions, Doppler ultrasound systems may use recording systems to store a series of images.
and is assembled behind the wing 266 of the lower body 250,
identification and pathogenicity of Rhizoctonia solani cause damping-off of carnation in Yunnan
the sensitivity of the assay is 1 ng/ml.
in that probe, a quantum dot with a certain wavelength is couple with hydroxycamptothecine serving as an anticancer medicament, so that a composite structure with a fluorescence resonance energy transfer characteristic is for; and the composite probe with an FRET characteristic is expressed under the excitation of ultraviolet light or visible light.
Compared with pre-operation,HLSV achieved a significant decreases in the percentage of sperm DNA damage(P<0.001).
ALLOGENEIC PERIPHERAL BLOOD STEM CELL TRANSPLANTATION FOR ACUTE LEUKEMIA
Application of remifentanyl to radiofrequency ablation of small hepatocellular carcinoma
It boosted their cardiovascular function and improved other age-related disorders.
In addition, the part compares their associative difference in sentences, the difference of effect in imperative sentences and interrogative sentence.
THE CHANGING OF MICROBIAL ECOLOGICAL TYPES AFTER THE IMPROVEMENT OF GINSENG SOIL
MUC1 is a large, heavily glycosylated and transmembrane protein expressed on the surfaces of most simple, secretory epithelia, which has multiple functions.
Construction of Engineered Yeast Strains for Biosynthesis of Artemisinin Precursors and Biotransformation of Fermentative Products
Recurrence Risk Factors of Platinum-sensitive Epithelial Ovarian Cancer
Clinical analysis of upper gastrointestinal submucosal tumors by Endoscopic Resection
Closely related to this phenomenon are swellings observed after operations or traumata, often causing considerable pain to the patient.
The pLenti6/V5-D-TOPO-hBNP and the contructed pLenti6/V5-D-TOPO-GFP were transduced into 293 FT cells
Whencompaired each other, significent differents in Serum and urinary TGF- β 1 levels between in threediabetic groops(P<0.05).
Secondly, BMSCs promote tumor growth by participating in the establishment of stroma as endothelial and perivascular cells.
While HIV prevalence among injecting drug users remained low, at 1.2 per cent in Australia and 0.3 per cent in New Zealand, half of the injectors were reportedly infected with the hepatitis C virus.
Conclusion Therapy based on the losing weight treatment, together with healing therapy by short and small penis healing apparatus is a preferable treatment of small and short penis in children
The untreated control and DBP exposure groups were given saline and DBP to gavage calculated by body mass everyday.
To evaluate the clinical effect and safety of Ertianyou Balm in the treatment of cold by comparing with Essential Balm
Objective:To report 4 cases of new discovered biphenotypic acute leukemia(BAL) with chromosomal translocation t(8; 21)(q22; q22) and analyze the classifications of morphological features, immunological phenotypes, and chromosomal karyotype(MIC) and clinical manifestations
Simultaneous determination of dopamine and ascorbic acid by poly-toluidine blue film modified glassy carbon electrode
As indicated above, it is known that surface electrodes can be used to stimulate both nerves and muscles within the body.
the result show that that strain Pe5 was better than the strain Pe6 with high nutrient value
Study on the Adsorption Performance of Nitrite in Water with Hemoglobin Immobilized by Glutaraldhyde
For the Citrobacter model , mutants can be screened for virulence in mice as described herein .
When the mass-tunable group is methyl, ethyl, straight or branched chain propyl, straight or branched chain butyl, straight or branched chain pentyl, straight or branched chain hexyl, straight or branched chain heptyl, and straight or branched chain octyl, their aS ions deduced from the neutral CO-loss of bS are detected at 86/89 Th, 100/103 Th, 114/117 Th, 128/131 Th, 142/145 Th, 156/159 Th, 170/173 Th, and 184/187 Th, respectively.
[Method] With water as the control, the compared experiment on controlling rice blast, rice false smut, rice kernel smut and sheath blight was conducted by using 50% prochloraz EC, 75% oxime bacteria tebuconazole WG, horizon 430 g/L SC and 300 g/L armure EC.
Study on Multilocular Heredity of B.juncea and Interspecific Hybridization between B.juncea and B.napus;
the promote OsP004 provided by that invention can be use for regulating the gene expression in a monocotyledon, thus a new tool and choice are provided for the research of the expression of target genes in the monocotyledon
Methods Mice were sensitized by DNFB and FITC on the abdominal skin respectively, and challenged on the right ear, the left ear was treated with vehicle as the negative control.
The Isoflavone Rich Aqueous Extract is then adjusted to an approximately neutral pH of 6 8 and extracted with an organic solvent as in step (c) from Scheme I to yield a Second Organic Extract.
Objective To compare the clinical effects of calcium hydroxide plus iodine glycerin paste,calcium hydroxide iodoform paste and traditional intracanal medicaments formocresol used for root canal medication on acute and chronic periapical periodontitis.
Some extracellular lipase and extensive intracellular lipase was produced during growth phase.
Objective: To investigate the best route of administration and nurse of acute lower extremity deep vein thrombosis(DVT) patients with urokinase treatment.
The potency of the compound is calculated from the percentage of inhibition of amyloid peptide release as a function of the test compound concentration.
Methods From Jan.2000 to Apr.2004,59 children with AL L were studied. They were given total 195 L-asp therapy courses in our division. T he dosage of L-asp was switched to one of tenth (1,000 U/m2 per dose) of the usu al dosage for the continuous chemotherapy of the 13 patients who occurred L-asp related side effects and the related side effects were observed carefully.
Results showed that the PPM contained 18.84 MJ/kg digestible energy and 74.08 % digestible protein which were higher than those of SBM(P < 0.05). Biological value of protein was 76.87 % for PPM.
EDTA（molecular diagnosis and virus detection）
For one point about anticancer genes is that several have to go wrong in the same cell before a tumour can grow
Classical singer Russell Watson has been re-admitted to hospital a week after an emergency operation to remove a brain tumour.
Immune Effect of Eukaryotic Expression Plasmid with Goose Parvovirus (GPV) VP3 Gene in Mice
drug, C14H19NO2, chemically related to amphetamine, that acts as a mild stimulant of the central nervous system and is used especially in the form of its hydrochloride for the treatment of narcolepsy in adults and hyperkinetic disorders in children
Results The efficiency of the two groups was 55. 0% and 57. 5% respectively,there was no differences between them.
A differential study on spatial learning function of the marginal division of the neostriatum and the hippocampus in the rat
Fusion Expression, Purification and Bioactivity Assay of Plant Selectable Marker Gene hpt in E. Coli
Total incidence of IVH and PVL were 35.2%(142/404) and 3.5%(14/404) repectively among all preterm infants and the proportion of slight and severe brain injury were 23.5%(95/404) and 13.6%(55/404) repectively
the TLC research of that guanmaining soft Capsule
Road Noise and Hypertension: People living in homes exposed to high levels of road-traffic noise were more likely to report having hypertension, according to a study in Environmental Health.
Operative treatment of laryngeal pathological change under self-retaining laryngendoscope
Recognizing the endorsement of the Guidelines to Reduce Sea Turtle Mortality in Fishing Operations by the Committee on Fisheries at its twenty-sixth session,
Study on PrSrMnO_3-SSZ Complex Cathode for SOFC
A denture adhesive composition is disclosed and comprises a polymeric activator in an amount of up to about 3 percent by weight based on the total weight of the denture adhesive composition.
Epidemiology investigation of swine Streptococcus in the east of Hebei province
Diagnosis and treatment of traumatic interhemispheric subdural hematomas
Objective To investigate the effect of low density lipoprotein(LDL) on the proliferation and differentiation of mouse osteoblasts and related mechanism.
Forty-six health controls from staffs and physical examination persons in our center were enrolled as normal control group,including 25 males and 21 females,aged from 22 to 52,38 in average.
Recovery of corneal sensitivity and corneal nerves after sub-Bowman’s keratomileusis
59,P<0.017).For floating children,the primary coverage,the qualified coverage of BCG,HepB3,OPV3,DTaP3,MCV1and immunization coverage of target children from 12to 23months old were lower than those of local children,the differences are all statistically significant(χ2=7. 84~159.66,P<0.05).
the purine compound is characterized by strong antiviral activity, good stability, long action time, increased bioavailability and low medical toxicity, and it is especially suitable for hepatitis B treatment.
There was moderate negative correlation between the activity of serum LDH and the body weight in FGL at 6 week (r = -0.512), which was strong negative correlation at 10 week (r =-0.710).
SpaPedicure - Sea Serum?
16S rRNA Gene of Helicobacter Species in Human Esophageal Carcinoma
THE CLINICAL CHARACTERISTIC AND ANALYSIS OF INCIDENCE RATE OF WPW SYNDROME AMONG PEOPLE
A 58-year-old woman with endometrial carcinoma developed extensive calciphylaxis despite the presence of normal renal and parathyroid function.
The optimal reaction conditions were shown to be V(VTCS):V(H_2O):V(acetone)=2:7:20,40 ℃ and 72 h.
This process comprises the adiabatic nitration of benzene with a mixture of sulfuric acid and nitric acid, in which the sum of the concentrations in the reaction zone of the metal ions which form sparingly soluble metal sulfates is less than 900 mg/l, based on the volume of the aqueous phase which contains sulfuric acid.
in other word, according to that above method, the identify primer may be selectively designed based on the polymorphic sequence and surround sequences.
Protective Effects of Paecilomyces Hepiali on Adriamycin Nephropathy in Rats
Effect of Eveningross Oil on Serum Lipids and Activities of SOD and CAT in Hyperlipidemic Rats
The Relationship Between the Expression of Proliferating Cell Nuclear Antigen and the Prognosis in Hepatocellular Carcinoma
Synthesis and Fluorescent Property of Benzindole Salt
The results show that the hydrolysis resistance of organsilicone is improved with the introduction of isopropoxy, little coagulation is left in the system; the latex film has excellent general performance when the silicone content reaches 21% of total monomers
this invention provides populations of mesenchymal cells obtained from pluripotent stem cells by differentiating them ex vivo.
compared with the normal Badh2, in the aroma gene, 803bp is deleted between the fourth exon and the fifth exon;
Direct Electron Transfer Reaction of Horse Heart Hemoglobin at the Indium Oxide Electrode
The extracellular region of HVEM was generated by PCR using Taq DNA polymerase amplified sequences from pBEC10 DNA encoding 1-K184 using the forward primer 5'-CGGAGATCTGAGTTCATCCTGCTAGCTGG-3' (SEQ ID NO:1) and reverse primer 5'-ATAGGATCCCTTGGTCTGGTGCTGACATTCC-3' (SEQ ID NO:2).
include agronomy trait model, seed quality model, animal models with sex-linked effects, and models for QTL map
Effects of HSV-tk Suicide Gene and IL-2 Gene on Salivary Pleomorphic Adenoma Cells
Chromosome C-banding and in situ habridization are more direct and convenient approaches in chromosome identification and gene location .The article sums up the progress of C-banding and in situ hybridization as well as applied accounts of chromosome identification gene location in plants.
Research progress in insect alkaline phosphatases is reviewed, and the biochemical properties of the enzymes and their relationship with physiological function are also described.
Objective In order to study mutant frequencies of somatic HPRT locus between healthy adults and radiation workers.
Method and system for control of therapeutic procedure
An experimental study on autologous bone marrow mesenchymal stem cells induced with transforming growth factor β_1 for the repair of defect of auricular cartilage in rabbits
One study showed that people who had taken broad-spectrum antibiotics had lower liver concentrations of vitamin K2 (menaquinone), though vitamin K1 (phylloquinone) levels remained normal.
Methods: Patients with cold fluid hiding in the lung syndrome of pediatric(CVA) were treated with ingredient-added Rhizoma Belamcandae and Ephedrae Decoction.
The Influence of Vegf-siRNA on the Growth of Human Tongue Squamous Cell Carcinoma(Tca8113) Xenografts in Vivo
Blood serum was obtained in different time after injection.
Conclusion Intramedullary nails with interlocking treatment of femoral fractures might be with small trauma,few complications and fine effect,worthy for clinical application.
The effective rates immediately after treatment and 2 months after follow-up were 88% and 91%,P>0.
Haemophilus had 1,800 genes.
By pressing one of the two user-selectable buttons, the user can intervene in the diabetes control arrangement, take corrective action and then allow the insulin delivery algorithm being executed to act upon the corrective action
STUDIES ON SYNTHESIS OF CHLOROACETATE BY USING MODIFIED ZSM-5 CATALYST
In heart failure group,there was positive correlation between BNP and LVDED,TO and negative correlation between BNP and LVEF,TS.
the acid or hydroxy compounds contain carbocyclic rings
Clinical Observation of Traditional Chinese Medicine Fumigates and TCM Concentrated Granules in the Treatment of Cases with Dry Eye after LASIK
Result:After a three days fermentation the GS115(pPIC9K-ai)in shaking flask with methanol as inductor,32 mg/L of L-Arabinose Isomerase(AI) was secreted in the fermentation broth.
2) Diastolic pressure higher limit: 12~95 mmHg Diastolic pressure lower limit: 10~93 mmHg
Allantoin has been used in skin creams, and is used as an anti-inflammatory agent, or as a skin-soothing or a healing agent.
However, DBP had no significant difference before and after treatment P> 0.05
Results The frequencies of QQ genotype and Q allele in type 2 diabetes mellitus with hypertension group were significantly higher than those in type 2 diabetes mellitus group (P<0.05 and P<0.01 respectively).
Objective To study the efficacy of low dose transhepatic artery chemoembolization(TACE) combined with percutaneous acetic acid injection(PAI) in the treatment of massive hepatocellular carcinoma(MHCC
liquid crystalline polymers is 30 to 70 weight percent, phenolic resins is 30-60 weight percent and in polyethylene the amount is usually greater than 40 weight percent.
CONCLUSION: The nonhistone protein isolated from the porcine kidney functioned as a suicide substrate inhibitor for the furin-like enzyme.
24-Hour intraocular pressures with brimonidine puriteversus dorzola mide added to latanoprost in primary open-angle glaucoma subjects
However,among patients with methylated p16 gene,the median survival time of chemotherapy group and non-chemotherapy group were 22. 1 months and 20. 5 months,respectively(P > 0. 05).
Curative Effect of Tarivid on the Infectious Disease of Respiratory Tract-A report of 80 cases
no difference in the Myofibril Volume Density between the two groups (P> 0. 05
APPLICATION STUDY ON ARTIFICIAL BAR TITANIUM CONDYLE PROSTHESIS FOR RECONSTRUCTION OF TEMPORO- MANDIBULAR JOINT
similar deficiency will occur with poorly soluble materials when sink conditions do not occur in vivo
The mobile phase consisted of 1 % acetic acid and 1 % sodium-acetate dissolved in water, the separation took place on a LiChroCHART 250-4 column (Merck KGaA, 64271 Darmstadt, Germany), in an isocratic run
Gait Analysis for Patients Undergone Total Hip Replacement
Determination of human serum total IgE by two methods in vitro:ELISA and Pharmacia CAP system
Tolerance and Cardiac Function Monitoring During Trastuzumab Treatment for Breat Cancer Patient
Reconstruction of the laboratory for acute insect-borne infectious diseases
the expression amount of recombinant human PHR (1-84) accounts for about 25 percent of the microorganism total amount;
The aminopolysi- loxane with regular distribution of amino groups in the molecule was synthesized under the conditions that the molar ratio of WS-62M to SG-Si900 was 1.33:1,the mass ratio of triethylamine was 1.53%,reaction temperature was 120 ℃,reaction time was 10 h,and vacuum time under a pressure of 0.01 MPa was 0.5~1 h.
Methods A total of 805 patients without cervical cancer were performed HPV DNA detection and pathological diagnosis through colposcope biopsy.
the comparison of sequences and determination of percent homology can be accomplished using a mathematical algorithm.
synthesis of that derivative of 6-methoxy-4-dialkylaminoethyl-aminoquinoline
human rapid contraction of skeletal muscle troponin production and activity detection method
The construction of hurmoniouy nursing-patient relationship on the patients' complatits
the invention is a reinforcement phase separation production equipment of synthetic acetic ether of a esterified method, preparation facility belonging to carboxylic acid ester.
Examples of substituted or non-substituted , straight - chain or branched alkyl groups include methyl , ethyl , n - propyl , isopropyl , t - butyl , n - octyl , eicosyl , 2 - chloroethyl , 2 - cyanoethyl , 2 - ethylhexyl , trifluoromethyl , trifluoroethyl , pentafluoropropyl , heptafluorobutyl , tetrafluoropropyl , octafluoropentyl , hexafluoroisopropyl , benzyl , phenylethyl , methylbenzyl , and naphthylmethyl .
Analysis of Factors Influencing Early Intrahepatic Recurrence of Hepatocellular Carcinoma After Curative Resection
Study of DSA in Diagnosing Intracranial Aneurysm ( An Analysis of 35 Cases
The time of operation,bleeding volume,complications,healing time of wounds and daily average nursing workload in 3 days was recorded.
The level of oxygen in the blood can stay dangerously low, even if the person receives oxygen from mechanical ventilator through endotracheal tube.
Some of these disorders are very harmful to the affected individual and affect length of life and the likelihood of having offspring.
There were 3 CR and 26 PR in 89 patients with SCLC (RR 325%). The response rate of patients with or without prior chemotherapy was 15.6% and 50%, respectively.
in still other embodiment, that invention also provides immunogenic composition that comprise a nucleic acid or polypeptide of the invention and are useful, e. g., for treating or preventing cervical cancer.
Methods: In the experiment, 20 SD rats were randomly accepted CsA (6mg/kg i.p.)
The Study of Changes on Coagulation Parameters in Asthmatic rats
Contrast-enhanced MR angiography was scored on the maximum intensity projections(MIPS).The score ranged from 0(indicating absent or low breast vascularity) to 3(indicating high breast vascularity).
Light stabilizers which can be added include UV absorbers , such as those of the hydroxyphenylbenzotriazole , hydroxyphenylbenzophenone , oxalide or hydroxyphenyl - s - triazine type .
There is no significant difference among the different sex or different age by statistical analysis,and there is significant difference among the different people.The positive rate of HCV(anti-HCV) is 0. 82%.There is significant difference among the different sex.
The catalytic activity was greatly improved when the acetic acid was added; the amount of acetic acid account for 8. 72% of the total materials,reaction time 5 h,the conver-sion of thiophene was increased by 1. 3%; the catalytic activity was up to the best when the zeolite was modified by 0. 5 mol / L nitric acid.
the origin, identify, plasticity and prospect of mesenchymal stem cell ( A review
The Functional Effects of Elemene Injection on HECV cells in vitro
Objective To study the clinical significance of serological test index in patients with hepatic fibrosis.
Preparation of Ag/AgCl from Ultrasonic Microemulsion and Its Photocatalytic Activity
Conclusion PCT, hs-CRP and Nst ratios can be used as neonatal sepsis quick and efficient diagnostic indicators and joint detection of these markers can further improve the detection rate.
Using polarization microscope, scanning electron microscope, staining method and X-ray diffraction, the authors studied diagenetic pattern of volcaniclastic rocks of Nantun Formation
Flow cytometry showed the cells in G2 phase were mainly increased(P<0.01).
such as, for example, orient and aligning fluid, particle, fluidized particles, mucus, exudate or biological debris
Inhibition of Combined Plant Extracts on Rot-causing Fungi in Postharvest Nectarine Fruits
study of combine 2 types of PCR gene diagnosis to B-NHL
All the rats were devides into three groups:group A,as control ,0. 5% of calcium contained in the diet;
There is no acrosome at the anterior end of the nuclears, whereas there is an implatation fossa at the posterior end of the nuclears, within which the chromatin is dense and nuclear vacuole(NV) is existent.
RESULTS: Sequencing of Ag85B MPT64 fusion gene revealed that the mutation rate was 0.11%(2/1707) and the base mutation was nonsense.
Methods 64 aged patients with cerebral infarction and 40 control people without cerebral infarction were examined with Color Doppler Ultrasound in the carotid artery,meanwhile their plasma fibrinogen contents were detected.
Research on the Value of Directional Preponderance of Caloric Test in Vertigo Diagnosis and Vestibular Compensation Evaluation
Results The incidence of cerebral infarction was 3. 1%,28.
Methods The clinical data of two hundred and six aged patients with inguinal hernia operated in this department during January 2002 to December 2009 were retrospectively analyzed.According to different repairing procedures,patients were divided into two groups,76 cases in conventional surgery group were operated with conventional surgery such as method of Bassini or Mcvay,and 130 cases in tension-free group were operated by tension-free method with mesh patch.
Conclusion The down regulation of sarcoplamic reticular Ca 2+ ATPase mRNA may have correlation with the initiation or maintenance of atrial fibrillation.
Methods Using random methods,116 patients were divided into DG group as the control group and DG combined with FMT in the treatment group.58 cases in each group,two groups were observed the efficacy after 4 weeks of treatment.
This paper analyses deeply importment components of IFZS such as image function u and grey level maps φ .
EXPERIMENTAL STUDY OF CATALYTIC REDUCTION OF NO BY LEAN COAL CHARS
Scavenger Receptors, Class B
Optionally, the chloramine prepared in Step 2 can be isolated for later used in a dehydrochlorination reaction.
Conclusion: Preoperative enteral nutrition can improve the nutriture of the patients with gastrointestinal cancer during the perioperative period.
The content of oleanolic acid was detected by HPLC,the optimum extracting conditions were as follows: using water-free ethanol,the ratio of solid to liquid 1:16,temperature 53 ℃,extracting time 45 min. Under above conditions,the content of oleanolic acid in quince reached 0. 14 %.
Methods:76 cases of gnathoplegia were randomly divided into the treatment group(40 cases) and the control group(36 cases).The treatment group were treated with pingle zhanjindan combined with manipulation and the control group were only given manipulation,14 days as 1 course.
Conclusion ICP of TBI fluctuates irregularly.For dehydrant,the effect of combination of mannitol+ glycerol fructose + furosemide is better than the combination of mannitol + furosemide.
Ethylene trimerisation reaction using CrCI3 ( bis - ( 2 - decylsulfanyl - ethyl ) - amine ) / alumina supported MAO A 0.001097 molar solution of CrCI3 ( bis - ( 2 - decylsulfanyl - ethyl ) - amine ) in toluene ( 21.88 ml , 0.024 mmol ) was added to the alumina supported MAO ( 14.53 mmol on 4.80 g support ) .
When sugar is used, it may be irradiated prior to formulating to prevent microbial growth.
Conventional heat stabilizers include organic phosphates, trihydroxy butyrophenone or zinc salts of alkyl dithiocarbonate.
Methods:54 cases of diabetic patients were divided into a control group(CK) and 88. 22% bedsores.
DATA SOURCES: An online search of PubMed database was undertaken to identify English articles about the advances in effects of mechanical stimulation on mesenchymal stem cells published from January 2000 to June 2006 by using the Keywords of "stem cel1, marrow mesenchymal stem cells, mechanical stimulation, stress". Meanwhile, we searched the CNKI medical database for relevant articles published in Chinese between January 2000 and June 2006 with the same key words in Chinese.
The result shows the optimum condition for preparation of sweet potato starch phosphodiester as: STMP concentration of 3. 6%,pH 10. 5,phosphorylation temperature of 50 ℃,and phosphorylation time of 2. 1 h.
The results indicated that Baofukang Suppository had no significant effects on general condition, food intake and fertility (mating rate, pregnancy rate, mating time, estrous cycle, total weight of uterus and fetus, pre-implantation loss rate, implantation rate, live-birth rate, stillbirth rate, etc.) of female rats under the test condition; and the major toxicity included local irritation and decrease tendency of average numbers of corpora lutea, implantation and live-birth caused by decreased testosterone and FSH levels and increased estradiol level in higher dose group.
it is at present contemplate that in that detergent compositions any enzyme, in particular the enzyme of the invention, may be adde in an amount corresponding to 0. 01-100 mg of enzyme protein per liter of wash liquor, preferably 0. 05-5 mg of enzyme protein per liter of wash liquor, in particular 0. 1-1 mg of enzyme protein per lit of wash liquor.
Objective To study the culture method of dendritic cells(DCs) derived from rat bone marrow and to analyze the immune characteristics of DCs sensitized with tumor associated antigen(TAA/DC).
Brewing barley in buneh Planting and Plastic Sheet-Covered Cultivntion by machine Were Stuided inthe ochric serozem of Ningxia The optimal Seed guantity Should be 99. 0 ~ 159. 0kg/hm2. The Proper populationstrnetnre stould be as folloes: the basic seedlings 225 ~ 300 million. /hm2; the peak totl amonnl of stetns 120. 0 -135.0 millions/hm2;
Advanced in the study, effects of Physical activity (PA) and diet on the lipids and lipoproteins
Patients with short eye axial are generally superior in visual acuity to patients with long axial,who have a greater risk of complications.Patients with larger and harder lens nucleus should appropriately employ small incisions excision combined intraocular lens implantation surgery.
alpha. is distributed in the liver, kidney, etc. with high catabolic capacity for fatty acids and, particularly in the liver, high expression is recognized (Endocrinology, 1995, 137, 354), positively or negatively controlling the expressions of genes relevant to the metabolism and the intracellular transport of fatty acids (e.g. acyl CoA synthetic enzyme, fatty acid-binding protein and lipoprotein lipase) and apolipoprotein (AI, AII, CIII) genes relevant to the metabolisms of cholesterol and triglyceride. Moreover, the PPAR.
Evaluation of methods for measuring high-density lipoprotein cholesterol
in that present invention, therefore, the sequence correspond to the amino acid sequence in positions 26 to 80 in HBs antigen is limit neither to a probe recognizing an epitope on the amino acid sequence shown in SEQ ID NO: 1 nor to the detection method of using said probe
Conclusion: In our initial experience, percutaneous treatment of upper-tract urothelial tumors may be accomplished using the bipolar resectoscope with favorable results.
Test Method for Copolymerized Ethyl Acrylate in Ethylene-Ethyl Acrylate Copolymers
Effect of sodium ferulate on pulmonary artery pressure, plasma endothelin-1 and D-dimer in patients with chronic pulmonary heart disease
some of that patient in the Cuban study developed complication from the surgery,
For instance, a blood oxygen monitor continually monitors the patient's pulse, and blood oxygen levels.
a second group of particles comprising an inclusion complex of a second therapeutic agent and a sulfoalkyl ether cyclodextrin for releasing said second therapeutic agent rapidly into a second environment of use.
Clinical Study on Doula Delivery
It indicated that the total effective rate of group A was higher than that of group B. The cure rates of the two groups were 50%,23.33% respectively.The difference was significant(χ2=4. 59,P<0.05).
study of that cyclic peptide bin to HIV-1 gp41 NHR
At the action of different strain level, viscoelasty of Wistar rats were measured to make use micorpipette aspiration technique. When relative proliferation index of cells is the biggest, cellular viscoelasty is more then control groups. The cytoskeleton participates in the process of cellular differentiation and proliferation is proved from biomechanical viewpoint.
Results Twenty-nine patients coordinated to treatment positively,and one of them gave up treating because of economic reason,the others did not suffer serious adverse reactions.
Comparative study of inducing differentiation of adult rat bone marrow stromal cells into neurons by various neurotrophic factors and antioxidant
To observe and discuss the PFNA and Gamma nail and its effect in the instable femoral intertrachanteric fracture.Internal fixation was performed with the PFNA and Gamma for the 81 cases of femoral instable intertrachanteric fracture.
Molecular Simulation Study of Thermodynamics Properties of CO_2 Expanded Liquids/Supercritical Fluids
Objective: To establish a method for computer analysis of two dimensional polyacrylamide gel electrophoresis(2 D PAGE) image in proteome research. Methods: Using ImageMaster 2 D computer software. Results: In proteome research,2 DE images of proteins of human hepatic carcinoma cell line HepG2 were processed using ImageMaster computer software. More than 1 000 protein spots were detected, and their isoelectric point (pI), molecular mass , D value, D%, Vvalue and V% data were obtained...
The level of interferon (IFN) in serum and homogenized cardiac tissue, and the activity of natural killer cells in Coxsackievirus B3 induced myocarditis in BALB/c mice were determined.
Matherials and Methods: Digital subtraction angiography(DSA) of the bronchial artery was performed in 100 cases of lung cancer, of which 20 cases also underwent DSA of the pulmonary artery.
synthesis of four chiral pyrrolidinones bear different steric control elements was describe. stereochemical studies on several intermediates showed that that steric effect of C-4 substituents were responsible for high trans stereoselectivity, while the bridging effect arosed from the bonding between C-4 oxygen and nucleophile would direct the nucleophile to approach from the same side as C-4 substituents leading to cis-diastereoisomer.
Methods PCR was used to examine the expression of EZH2 mRNA in colorectal cancer tissues,paracancerous tissues,and normal epithelium tissues of 27 patients with colorectal cancer.
Conclusion:There are two types of endometrial carcinoma ,type one is correlated with estrogen,with the better prognosis.
class8'AUC 0 - inf and ρ max of tested formulation were 100.4 % ~109.5 %, 99.1 % ~108.4 % and 102.6 % ~110.8 %, respectively
This means that a sub-group of the large patient group showing an equivocal HER2 protein expression level can be successfully subjected to treatment with a HER2 antibody, i.e. the patients having an equivocal HER2 protein expression and high amplification status of the HER2 gene.
The outer shell 1004 of the cuff is made of the material that is impermeable to the infused drug to prevent dissipation of the said drug away from the renal nerve.
The precision of C-arm extrinsic parameters is critical to computer assisted surgery systems to implement the registration of X-ray image and surgery physical space intraoperatively
Research on Exogenous Microbial Preparation Applied to Fresh Tobacco Leaves and Shattering Culture Effect
it is understood that when refer to a" Lewis acid" as used herein, it is meant to ref to any compound formed from a Lewis acid, any suitable ion that can accept a pair of electrons and act as a Lewis acid,
The results also indicated that nontoxic doses of nicardipine enhanced the cytotoxicity of the 3 chemotherapeutic agents in cultured human gastric tumor cells (SRs 2.7-6.3).
Such stimulation therapy activates the upper airway muscles to maintain upper airway patency
Animals and plants that contain added genetic constructs derived from other organisms must be subject to regulation as adulterated food since the added genetic material would not be inherent to the genetic composition of the recipient organism.
Accordingly, it is common that lipase is immobilized on a certain carrier such as an anion-exchange resin (Patent Literature 1), a phenol adsorption resin (Patent Literature 2), a hydrophobic carrier (Patent Literature 3), a cation-exchange resin (Patent Literature 4) and a chelate resin (Patent Literature 5), and used in an esterification or transesterification reaction.
This thesis adopt the big bore resin to divide ethanol distilling Codonopsis pilosulainto three segments segment, then we directly use HPLC to analyze and half makecompositions.
The cell structure changes in the development of the peanut gynophore under optical microscope and transmission electron microscope were studied.
system and methods for selecte follicular units in a distribution of follicular units are provided
REGULARITY OF MORPHOLOGICALCHANGES OF RETINAL COPILLARIESIN EXPERIMENTAL DIABETIC RATSⅡ ULTRASTRUCTRAL OBSERVATION
Methods The 41 cases of multiple rib fracture which were divided into internal fixation operation group(18 cases) and conservative treatment group(23 cases) were retrospectively analyzed.The pain time,length of hospital stay,cost of hospitalization,and degree of satisfaction of the two groups were compared.
Model of immune-mediated inner ear disease and efficacy of dexamethasone by systemic application or round window administration
Study of Deguelin Antiangiogenesis Ability and Delaying Embryo Development Mechanism
kit for rapidly and synchronously detect nucleic acids of influenza virus A
Sequence variations of the coding and regulatory regions of 127 known genes in chromosome 21 were analyzed in samples, include DNAs of 31 individual Chinese, 4 pooled DNAs from Southern Chinese, Northern Chinese, Caucasian and Black populations as wel
there remains a need therefore, to provide highly selective inhibitors of phospholipase enzymes.
Liver damage may be evidenced by loss of appetite, jaundice (yellowish skin color) and sometimes pain in the upper abdomen on the right side.
Garlic has antibiotic, antiviral and antifungal properties and studies have suggested it can help reduce the incidence of colds, and even high blood pressure and some cancers.Or, it could simply be that the antibacterial action of the garlic makes the armpits smell sweeter by reducing the density of the microbes which cause the nasty odours, the researchers from the University of Stirling in Scotland and Charles University in the Czech Republic said
Conclusion: The nursing intervention to improve compliance in patients with epilepsy have a very important role.
Methods Serum samples were obtained from 112 patients with chronic hepatitis B virus infection; 22 with chronic carries(ASC),30 with chronic mild or moderate hepatitis(CH),60 with fulminant hepatitis failure(FHF). HBV qusispecies populations were separated by the single strand conformation polymorphism (SSCP) method targeted the S region and DNA sequencing analysis.
the transformable spinal fixation implant preferably
The product was alsoanalyzed hy IR spectrum instrument and the result proved the present of phosphoric acid ester group
Conclusion Repeated operation was the most effective method for recurrent liver cancer. PEI could be used for the patients who can not be operated.
At the moment, chromogranin A is considered the best general neuroendocrine serum or plasma marker available both for diagnosis and therapeutic evaluation and is increased in 50-100% of patients with various neuroendocrine tumors.
Quantitative tissue velocity imaging technique for diagnosis of coronary artery disease during low-dose dobutamine stress echocardiography
Methods:The mice with cerebral ischemia were treated with line in the middle cerebral artery occlusion in PQS can by ELISA on serum GFAP protein expression.
Comparing the mean diameters of LAD and LCX between 69 patients with bifurcation angle over 80° and 11 patients with less than 80°,there was significant difference in the mean LCX diameter(P=0. 032),and there was no significant difference in the mean LAD diameter(P=0. 46).
Methods 73 cases with varied brain disease were studied with FLAIR sequence and FSE.
The development of surveying and mapping engineering depends on the development of the surveying and mapping instruments.The developing process of the surveying and mapping instruments is analysed in this paper.On the basis of the quality test and investigation of the sur-vcying and mapping instruments, the author concludes that the difference of the surveying and mapping instruments quality between our country and the world has been diminishing
the preparation can normalize that intestinal flora and enhance immunity, and can be use for the treatment of prevention of diarrhea in newborn piglets
METHODS: In the randomized, double or single_blind, paralleled and multi_center studies, 100 patients (M 41, F 59, age 54±s 10 a) were given nimesulide 100 mg po, bid for 2 wk and 68 patients (M 29, F 39, age 53±12 a) were given naproxen 250 mg po, bid for 2 wk
Such modified or substituted oligonucleotides are often preferred over native forms because of desirable properties such as, for example, enhanced cellular uptake, enhanced binding to target and increased stability in the presence of nucleases.
Effect of low molecular weight Rehmannia glutinosa polysaccharides on the expression of oncogenes
Cost-effectiveness Analysis of Three Chemotherapeutic Schemes for the Treatment of NHL
Results The rates of seroconversion were 97.6%(80/82) for vaccinee group 6 weeks after inoculation and 13.7% (16/117) for contact group at the ninth week of observation
Release Mechanisms of Nifedipine Sustained-release Beads in Vitro
suitable anti cytokine reagent or anti-chemokine agent, able to identify such as, cytokines such as interleukin 1, interleukin 2, interleukin 4, interleukin 6, interleukin 12, interleukin 13, interleukin 15, interleukin 17, interleukin 18,
the product is that thioester silane analog of the original 1-sila-2-thiacyclopentane or the 1-sila-2-thiacyclohexane
Studies on Chemical Constituents of Petroleum Ether Extract of Viola yedoensis Makino.by GC-MS Chromatogram
in principle, however, other naturally occur nucleotides may also be methylate.
Solid dispersion and tablets comprising abiraterone acetate, and preparation methods thereof
Effect of the loquat core extracts on rat's intestinal flora and it's immunologic function
Methods:19 strains Enterobacter sakazakii isolates and a standard strain ATCC51329 were typed by PFGE and MLST separately.
Regular macroscopic observation ulcer and measurement area,calculation of shrinkage rate;Do regular pathology,VEGF,EGFR and immunohistochemical method CD34 expression and mark observation capillary is calculated.
The invention discloses a traditional Chinese medicinal composition for treating nephrolithiasis.
The PTEN mRNA level in gastric carcinoma was significantly lower than that in adjacent tissue( P < 0. 01).
In one aspect of the present invention the GDNF is infused directly into at least one caudal zona incerta and at least one postero-dorsal putamen of the brain through indwelling intraparenchymal brain catheters connected to an implantable pump.
is achieve by that combined action of trypsin and carboxypeptidase b. finally insulin is purify through e. g. reverse-phase high performance liquid chromatography ( rp-hplc) and optionally crystallized
￣1H NMR STUDY OF POLYACRYLAMIDE HYDROGEL
such as a suspicious lesion in that breast
Method Seventy - four patients with hemiplegia incerebral infarction, were divided into two groups according to MRI: A group(combinated with LA) and B group(non - LA).
Age (at start of dosing)
The mixture was filtered, and the filtered cake was washed with cold toluene (19 mL).
While, in the first embodiment described above, the average total weight (90 g/m2) of the water absorbent polymer at the central portion CT and the side edge portions SL, SR was smaller than the average total weight (240 g/m2) of the water absorbent polymer at the middle portions ML, MR, for example, the total weight of the water absorbent polymer at the side edge portions SL, SR may be identical to that of the water absorbent polymer at the middle portions ML, MR.
All the groups have remarkable increaseboth Dang Gui and Beautify Hair Protein Shampoo
Methods: A retrospective analysis of 100 cases of patient with diabetes during 2000-2010,in which 50 cases in 2000-2005 were for the reference group,50 cases in 2006-2010 the experimental group.
thus disclosing the inherent law and mechanism of the in vitro differentiation and development of the embryonic stem cells, and searching for new methods for directional differentiation of embryonic stem cells to the functional cells of important vital organs at the terminal differentiation period;
The 1 039 bp sequences of the chloroplast mat K gene from nine species (ten samples) relating to Parakmeria and Kmeria of Magnoliaceae were determined The phylogenetic tree based on Parsimony analysis suggested:① The three species of Parakmeria and the two samples (including male and female) of Kmeria were highly homologious, which indicated a very close relationships among them
05).In conclusion,there are certain reference values in the localization and qualitative of retroperitoneal tumor by generalized analysis the imaging findings of MR,DWI and ADC values.
the result fragments contain only a single glycation site at that N-terminal valine and can thus be use to separate HbA1c
the antibody produced using the conjugate may recognize the hapten and / or the carrier / portion .
Effect of Different Varieties and Sowing Dates on the Yield of Early Potato Intercropping Soybean
Objective:To investigate the relationship between serum 25-hydroxy vitamin D[25(OH)D]deficiency and thyroid autoimmunity among middle-aged and elderly population.
Incision of urachal cyst or sinus
In contrast, the second region (II) and the third region (III) enable easy implantation of the active electrode (120a) into the small space between the mastoid bone and the skin, without grinding the bone.
(3)Primers design: to design and compare the effectivity of different set of nested primers which were located at s gene , X gene and c gene respectively.
abstract: OBJECTIVE To probe into the correlative factors and prevention measures of nosocomial infection in tumor hospital.
Bacillus cereus and method for producing histamine by using same
it is not possible to replace immediately that unsuccessful prosthesis with a new one, but the seat of the joint must be treat with suitable antibiotics before a new surgical operation can be perform.
at least three of the protein products of these genes ,
twenty - one patients have obtained excellent or good clinical results ( 84 % ).
Conclusion:The extracts form Dendranthema grandiflorum can inhibit the SGC-7901gastric cancer cells of huamn growth in certain concentration gradient range,and has certain doses-effect relations
Objective To study the difference of curative effect on reteplase and urokinase thrombolysis therapy for acute myocardial infarction.
Under the Law on Sexual and Reproductive Health, adopted in 2003, an abortion could be performed only on the basis of a woman's own decision, for compelling medical reasons or in cases of pregnancy as a result of rape
In HIV-uninfected subjects, TLR4 mRNA expression levels correlated inversely with plasma LPS levels, suggesting chronic endotoxin 'tolerance'in vivo
The synthesis of polycarboxylate superplasticizer modified by citric acid
the surgical manipulator may become contaminate during surgery and is typically dispose of or sterilized between operations
The results are as follows. (1) Agm (10 -7 ¡«10 -2 mol/L) relaxed aortic rings in a concentration dependent manner under the condition of precontraction induced by phenylephrine (PE) at a concentration of 10 -6 mol/L.
The present invention relates to a single nucleotide polymorphism (SNP) for the prognosis of hepatocellular carcinoma, wherein the SNP shows a significant correlation with an over-expression of MTA1 which is a useful prognostic factor for prediction of recurrence or poor survival after hepatocellular carcinoma surgery.
Genetic Variation of Toll-like Receptors and Mycoplasma pneumoniae Infection in Pigs
crossing the DNA sample to be tested and chip, using special software to analyze the fluorescence signal of all the crossing probe points to define that the target gene of DNA to be tested has microfragment deficiency or not.
The F genes of passages 0, 10, and 20 were amplified by PCR and sequenced.
The Diagnostic Value of Spiral CT and Three-dimensional(3-D) Reconstructions in Craniofacial Fracture
In addition, the activity of control group was decreased obviously compared with Rg1 pretreatment groups of 4 and 8 μmol/L (P < 0.01).
Neither creatine nor glutamine supplementation had a remarkable effect on muscle glucose transport after depletion exercise
Postoperative fasting blood glucose,two-hour postprandial plasma glucose,C-Peptide,glycosylated hemoglobin and body mass index were significantly decreased after treatment(P < 0. 01).The 28 cases of patients with symptoms of T2DM complications were improved in 21 patients to some extent after operation.
investigate measurement and clinical significance of blood sugar in apneic neonate
Accordingly, to enhance compliance, it would be desirable to provide L-arginine in a form which diminishes and/or removes the unacceptable flavor associated with L-arginine.
NL43 transfected emigrating cells can not infect CD4 +T lymphocyte. No gag can be amplified and no reverse transcriptase can be expressed.
the TAC3 prim anneals to that 5'-end of the TAC promote DNA
A review of the literatures on clinical features,diagnosis and prognosis of Langerhans cell histiocytosis is also provided.
The study of surface-enhanced Raman spectra(SERS) of two-dimensional arrays showed that p-aminobenzoic acid molecular was adsorbed adopting a perpendicular orientation to Ag nanoparticle surface,and electromagnetic enhancement played a major role to surface-enhanced effect.
Treatment of 12 cases with severe aplastic anemia
Objective To study the curative effect of the therapy that treats the chronic pelvic infection by Chinese medical herb fumigation combined with antibiotics Methods The patients were divided into 3 groups randomly,group A、B and C. Group A was treated with antibiotic only.Group B was treated by taking chinese herbal medicine as well as using antibiotics.Group C was treated by chinese medical herb fumigation together with using antibiotic.Then compare the curative effects among the three gro...
An Experimental Study of Caspase-3 Inhibitor in Treatment of HIBD Neonatal Rats
These agents mediate enzyme inhibition by depriving the intranasal environment ( or preparative or therapeutic composition ) of divalent cations , which are co-factors for many proteases .
Objective: To investigate therapeutic effect of hyperbaric oxygen on diffuse axonal injury (DAI) and its mechanism
An experiment conducted in rats shows that females eating diets dense with fats and sugars while pregnant or lactating ended up with offspring with similar food preferences
Results All 26 cases received synovectomy by arthroscopy and were confirmed by pathology.
DAI = disease activity index; eMG = encapsulated mesalamine granules; ITT = Intent to Treat.
The Perspective Studies on Changes of Quality of Patients with Liver Tumor before and after Radiofrequency Ablation
Characteristics of time window of the expression of different neurotrophic factors after the treatment of electro-acupuncture on Du Channel after spinal cord injury
The primary efficacy outcome was good functional outcome, defined as a modified Rankin Scale score (mRS) of 3 or less at 180 days per central adjudication by blinded evaluators.
1. (C) In 1963, Beckwith and associates described a syndrome characterized by omphalocele, macroglossia, and visceromegaly
may be heated to a temperature sufficient to denature the nucleic acid sample, or separate the strands.
Since the methioninase or homocysteinase holoenzyme binds 1 PLP per subunit or 4 PLP per tetramer, only 4 nmoles PLP can activate 1 nmole of enzyme equivalent to 10 units of enzyme.
the extracts are then combined and concentrated to afford an additional fraction of purified material.
Conclusions The incidence rate of PNS complicated by AKI is correlated with the patient’s age.Infection is the most common cause of PNS complicated by AKI,and most of patients are the elderly.The clinical manifestations of PNS patients who have severe edema,increased 24-hour urinary protein,Hb and Bun/Scr,and decreased 24-hour urine volume indicate that there may be a possibility of PNS complicated by AKI among them.
figure 3 a shows a histogram ( step 104 ) for an ( unprocessed ) segmented breast area ( of the digital image shown in figure 4a ) representing the distribution of the breast tissue in gray scale.
Results: Indomethacin could inhibit the growth of Hp in the stomachs, increasingly deteriorate the delay of ulcer healing induced by Hp infection and elevate the activity of myeloperoxidase in gastric tissue with ulcer focus
until the host cells grow to an appropriate cell density.
in part Ⅱ, fifty healthy Wistar rat were randomly divided into three group: experiment group ( group A, n=20 ), control group ( group B, n=20 ) and sham-operation group ( group C, n=10 ).
Gd-DTPA-CPs(Gd-DTPA-CPs group) and Gd-DTPA(Gd-DTPA group) was administrated to healthy rats with enteroclysis.MR scans were performed before enteroclysis and after clysis reservation at different time point.The signal intensity of intestinal wall and muscles of the pelvis were measured and the relative signal intensity values were calculated.
Neural population encoding and analysis of spike train play an important role in the field of neural inforamtion processing.
Model establishment of early adriamycin-induced cardiotoxicity in rabbits and sonographic evaluation
Conclusion] The expression rule of CCL25/CCR9, CCL28 /CCR10 in the gastrointestinal tract of piglets was concluded, and the basic for further revealing the expression in other tissue and its biological function was established
Keywords Hemoccult test Screening people Followup Survive rate Occur rate;
The Structure of H5N1 and Its Pathogenic Mechanism
All I need is the surgery video,the boy's charts,
EVALUATION OF BOVINE HYDATID FLUID ANTIGENS IN THE IMMUNODIAGNOSIS OF HUMAN HYDATIDOSIS BY SPA-ELISA
Lithium Ion-selective Polymeric Membrane Electrode Based on 9-Crown-3 Derivatives
Methods The total RNA were extracted from tetracycline-inducible SNF5 knockdown(KD) cell line derived from KM3 cells for gene expression profiling by affymetrix microarray and bioinformatic analysis.Results Knockdown of SNF5 inhibited KM3 cell proliferation.
this MEA differed from FC16405 in that the anode GDL was not treated in the 0.5M sulfuric acid bath, but rather was used as made
(a) preparing coated colloidal metal particles according to claim 1;
Study on Hemorrheological and Microcirculative Changes in Patients with Malignant Tumors
This organism was calibrated against known UV doses to determine the level of reduction per unit of intensity
Study of the Relationship between the Level of Serum Uric Acid and Essential Hypertension;
The emulsion has no obvious changes after15 minutes centrifugation with speed of 4000rpm.
Nursing of 49 Hemodialysis Cases with the Application of Double Vessels at Deep Veins
Identification on root of Paeonia lactiflora by X-Ray diffraction Fourier pattern method
The Clinical Observation of BAI Combined with BAE Intervention Therapy in 40 Patients with Mid or Advanced Lung Cancer
Orthotherapy and Therapeutic Effect of Congenital Absence of Vagina
FIG. 7B shows the same analysis for patients treated with placebo and demonstrates that there is little evidence of stratification of the placebo response.
The most effective saccharide vaccines are therefore based on glycoconjugates, and the prototype conjugate vaccine was against Haemophilus influenzae type b (`Hib`)[e.g.see chapter 14 of ref.78].
The positive rate of p27 in normal vulvar skin was higher than that in VIN and vulvar squamous carcinoma, but the difference was not significant;
Conclusion Gln-intensified parenteral nutrition can improve protein metabolism and immunofunc tion, help to resume the function of cells and organs, reduce the seveve degree of critically ill patients in general surgery
Industrial Applicability As explained hereinbefore, pyrazolopyrimidine derivative of the present invention has excellent inhibitoryeffect on collagen synthesis in hepatic stellate cells, increases blood flow through the portal vein and expands the diameter of the portal vein by directly affecting the portal vein, and reduces portal blood pressure.
Comparison of the clinical results between living related and cadaveric donor renal transplantation
Analysis of Risk Factors on Liver Metastasis from Colorectal Carcinoma
Total 91 DNA fragments were amplified with 12 selected primers from 7 plants of C. septentrionale and 7 plants of C. caphora,of which 48 strips were polymorphic(52. 7%).
the only known example of a full microfluidic solution technique for dna sample preparation / purification from blood has been published by kim et al.
The chromatography conditions were optimized as followings: acetonitrile-water(75:25,v/v) as the mobile phase,excitation wavelength(Ex) at 381 nm,emission wavelength(Em) at 470 nm,0.6 mL/min of flow rate,column temperature at 30 ℃,1.
Objective To evaluate the effects of interventional therapy for advanced bladder cancer.
Antigenic profiles of endothelial and hemopoietic lineages in murine intraembryonic hemogenic sites
The first protecting group may be acid labile ; e.g. a triarylmethyl group , such as triphenylmethyl ( trityl ) , monomethoxytrityl ( MMT ) , or dimethoxytrityl ( DMT ) .
the present invention relate to that silanization or surface treatment of minerals with alkylsilanes and alkylsilane copolymer
L-Lysine aescinat is administrated intravenously, slowly (better by drops infusion), in dilution in physiological salt solution or autologous blood.
Clinical Application of Trans-vaginal Hysterectomy
naphthalene dicarboxylic acid may also be employed in minor amounts to improve adhesion between the phases .
The system may further comprise a contrast uptake detector for detecting a location of contrast uptake due to vascularization in the breast MR image, the image marker being arranged to mark an anatomical position in the second image corresponding to the location detected in the breast MR image, based on the volumetric deformation field.
The invention discloses a traditional Chinese medical preparation for remedying the abdominal inflammation or the thoracic inflammation
The present invention relates to antisense oligonucleotides that modulate the expression of and/or function of RNase H1, in particular, by targeting natural antisense polynucleotides of RNase H1.
Identification of DHA-1 plasmid-mediated AmpC and CTX-M extended-spectrum- β-lactamase-producing Klebsiella pneumoniae in Beijing
Conclusion Metformin combined with rosiglitazone in treatment of type II diabetes has a better efficacy and lower adverse reactions than the two drugs alone,it can be used as an ideal choice for medication.
Relationship Between Estrogen Receptor Gene Polymorphism and Bone Mineral Density of Type2 Diabetic Patients
Also, the present invention is the method for producing a protein encoded by the target gene for amplification comprising the steps of culturing cells or bacteria obtained by any one of these methods.
the obtain syrup can be added into food, and has effect of lowering blood sugar, preventing obesity, improving diabetes symptom, etc
Applied anatomical study of the cervical vertebral space
For instance the polyoxyalkylated bisphenol is the ethylene oxide adduct of bisphenol A .
Outcome analysis of the treatment of complete acromioclavicular dislocation by clavicular hook plates
patient occurred restenosis with no symptoms in 1 year after PTAS, and he was treated with "wait and see
but do not provide significant mixing that induces more thorough and consistent platelet aggregation.
The present invention relates to the field of natural products and uses thereof for inhibiting the progression of atherosclerosis.
Application of Myocardial Tissue Doppler Imaging in Cardiovascular Disease
Application of EPI diffusion weighted and Gd DTPA T 2 * perfusion imaging in the diagnosis of brain ischemia
include a drug delivery device, such as a transdermal therapeutic device,
Technology Optimization of Acetic Acid Fermentation of Greengage Vinegar
the adde concentration is 3-4mg/L relative to fluorescence intensity;
The MTAP mRNA relative expression in NSCLC tissue was significantly lower than that in paracarcinomous tissue (t=9. 902, P<0.001).
Objective:TO evaluate clinical effectiveness of split crest technique for implant placement in anterior region of maxilla.
It is preferably cyclopropyl , cyclopentyl or cyclohexyl .
One example of the potential applications of the present invention, which in no way restricts the scope thereof, regards a case in which the strains of the invention were administered to an adult patient undergoing antibiotic therapy
chemically softened tissue paper products containing a polysiloxane and an ester-functional ammonium compound
in a preferred embodiment of the present invention the analyte concentration is a blood glucose concentration.
Study on Growth and Polarization of KLN Crystal
Influence of Health Education on Compliance of Patients with Latent Diabetes
Control Study on Effect of Adriamycin or Absolute Alcohol on Trigeminal Neuralgia
We also compared plants grown from fresh seeds and three-year-old buried PSSB seeds with no competition (control) and competition with density of 0. 10, 0. 17, 0. 60 and 2. 17 plants·cm-2.The PSSB seeds and fresh seeds were germinated simultaneously, and seedlings were grown in garden pots up to 175 days.Plant height was measured every 15 days and biomass was measured every 30 days (3 replicates).
Diagnostic Value of CT in Thyroid Malignancies
identification of A protein interact with type 2 methionine aminopeptidase by yeast Two-hybrid system
Protection of N-acetylcysteine on Acute Hyperoxic Lung Injury in Neonatal Rats;
The adsorption properties of the fly ash-based adsorbent were characterized by adsorption isotherm, specific surface and pore distribution with the help of N_2 adsorption
Removal of the breast, pectoral muscles, axillary lymph nodes, and associated skin and subcutaneous tissue
You are antibody positive or antigen positive certainly.
the protein precipitate or paste is remove from that centrifuge bowls, and resuspend and further processed to other fractions, or the supernatant is collected and proces directly
study of isozymes in that tissue of rattus niviventer
Description of the Drawings Fig. 1 shows schematically a lung perfusion test with an evaluation and preservation solution, which in connection with the test and drawings is called evaluation solution for short, lacking both Dextran 40 and serum albumin, as a function of the weight gain (expressed in kg) of the lung and time.
Cloning and Identification of the Priming Glycosyltransferase Gene Involved in Exopolysaccharide 139A Biosynthesis in Streptomyces
In certain instances, cases of acute poisoning may still be seen in children who are chronically exposed and whose blood lead levels reach levels that interfere with normal functions
these structures can likewise be compared to structures of other regions for determining optimum materials, unit processes, or process sequences without being concerned with non- uniformity between regions causing the effect.
4 Significance of post-ANOVA comparison of pre-brushing means. NS = p>0.05.
such as collagenase and / or a digestive enzyme, in ord to loosen osteogenic cells in that bone matrix
influence on pharmacokinetics of hydrochloric berberine in rat administrated Gangtai with 3 routes
Ultrastructure of nasal mucosa on rhinitis slcca and atrophic rhinitis
The cloned Douchi fibrinolytic enzyme purified molecular weight was 31. 0 kDa with a single band from SDS-PAGE
Objective To evaluate the IRIS iQ200 automated urine microscopy analyzer (iQ200 ) for the examination of urine specimens and to compare its performance with that of manual microscopy and Sysmex UF-100 urine analyzer.
The solid was washed with water and dried in vacuo to give the title compound (0.67 g);
in general, that molar ratio of the optical isom ( A) /the optical isomer ( B) is from about 4/6 to about 10/1, and the molar ratio of the ester compound ( B') /the optical isom ( B) is from about 5/3 to about 10/1
The activity of curing reaction of modified rosin based alicyclic epoxy resin with modified methyl hexahydrophthalic anhydride was investigated by thermal analysis and gelatin time determination
STUDY ON PRECONCENTRATION AND SEPARATION OF TRACE ELEMENTS WITH SILICA GEL BONDED BY 1, 8 ~ DIHYDROXY NAPHTHALENE ~ 3, 6 ~ DISULFONIC ACID
After digested by SnaBⅠ and EcoRⅠ,the fragment of scFv P1D3 with E-tag was inserted into yeast and E. coli shuttle plasmid pPIC9k. The recombinant plasmid pPIC9k-scFv P1D3-Etag was linearized with BglⅡ and then transformed into Pichia pastoris GS115 by electroporation.
Effects of Cysteamine and Daidzein on Rumen Metabolism of Goats and in Vitro Fermentation of Rumen Microbes
EFFICACY OF MICROWAVE IN KILLING DRY Staphylococcus albus
Small Subunit Ribosomal RNA Genes of Microsporidia
Dynamic Lattice Monte Carlo Simulation of the Adsorption of Star-Polymer at Oil-Water Interface
Constrain-based modeling methods don’t like the graph theory methods which study the pure topological structure of metabolic model,neither like dynamics methods which need detailed kinetic parameters,thus with more advantages in metabolic network modeling.
The solvent used is preferably an alcohol, water, or a mixture thereof, and most preferably a mixture of methanol and water
Disturbances of water and electrolyte balance Questions
the DNA fragment that were formed were circularise together with a SacI-HincII fragment from that polylinker of the plasmid pBluescript II KS using T4 ligase and transformed into competent E. coli E131 cells which were selecte on chloramphenicol
The influence on intracellular Ca2+ are as follows: AMG was lower than NSG (P<0.05);
it is another specific object of that invention to use the CICM cell produced accord to the invention in vitro, e. g. for study of cell differentiation and for assay purposes, e. g. for drug studies.
Studies on Cell Kinetics Ⅶ. The non-growth metabolic characteristics of Plant cells
In another embodiment of the present invention, the acceptor vector contains a sequence that allows the constructed recombinant DNA to not express a marker gene product that is expressed by the acceptor vector, thereby allowing selection or screening of transformed cells containing the recombinant DNA by the selection or screening of the absence of the marker gene product.
Methods: Tlie serum LPOcontents of Radix Salviae Miltiorrhizae group and control group of 90 neonatals HIE were rneasured by chro matometry with 721 pectrophotometer as well observed nerve reflect recovered condition.
Methods: 18 Patients with infarction in the RHA territory were retrospectively evaluated by MRA to identify the causes of the infarction.The clinical characteristics were analyzed.
After directed hematopoietic differentiation,the MpD-ipS cell-derived hematopoietic progenitor(CD34(+)CD45(+))cells showed the increased erythropoiesis and gene expression of specific
For most patients, primary treatment is surgery, often with radiation therapy
Nonerosive reflux disease is defined as the presence of typical symptoms of gastroesophageal reflux disease(GERD) for more than 3 months in the absence of visible evidence of esophageal mucosal injure at endoscopy, which is an independent form of GERD
The Monomer Electronic Spectra and Fluorescence Spectra of Some Metal Phthalocyanines
A clinical analysis on 20 cases of multiple primary malignant tumor of the female genitals
induce hyperglycemia mice
This application provides, as a fourth invention, a method for determining an appropriate probe length for detecting a single nucleotide polymorphism of a gene, which uses the DNA array of the first invention, comprises the following steps of,
With the development of the multi-electrode recording technique, concerted activity has been extensively observed in retinal ganglion cells of different species.
They move through the cytoplasm to the lowermost cell surface. See gravitropism
This category of disorders implies primary dysfunction at the level of the ovary, rather than centrally at the hypothalamus or pituitary
Objective To investigate the value of color Doppler ultrasound examining carotid artery in health people.
This data indicates that the prevention of apoptosis of primary cultured rat cerebellar granular neurons by high K + had nothing to to with cAMP
Conclusions The excretory rule of urine iodine for 0.2 dosage idoized oil capsule was same as that for 0.3.The urine iodine value reach high level rapidly and the excretory time is short.
The correlation between blood flow velocity in intracranial aneurysm cavity and the size of aneurysm
Research on the protocol of limited ovarian stimulation to prevent ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome
a " sandwich " assay format is utilized in which the specific binding member of a probe is selected to have an affinity for the enzyme reaction product.
influence of endocrine change on that serum glucose metabolism in aged patient with acute myocardial in-farction
the invention provides a composite microbial feed additive for chicken,
The optimal culture conditions were as follows: for glutenin subunits 1Dx5 in 2YT culture medium by 5 hours and 1.0mmol
In chapter 4, large area of graphdiyne film was prepared, the characterizations on the structure of graphdiyne were carried out. The thickness and morphology can be controlled by adjusting the conditions of synthesis. The importance of layered structure of GD film is proved to favour to the insertion-extraction of Li leading to an excellent cycling performance. The results demonstrate that GD film is a novel promising anode material for LIB with high-rate capabilities and high stability for application as a promising anode material for lithium-ion batteries or supercapacitors.
Oedema in the stroma, diapedetic pervascular haemorrhages.
Histological and histochemical study of the lumbosacral anterior and posterior roots
Because OPG-RANKL can influence the local metabolism environment of bone, they are the key regulators of osteoclast differentiation.
include progression of disease while receiving a chemotherapy regimen without experience any transient improvement, no objective response after receiving one or more cycles of a chemotherapy regimen, a limited response with subsequent progression, while receive a chemotherapy regimen or significant toxicity following treatment or attainment of that maximum cumulative dose that would preclude further treatment
Typically, low blood pressure and abdominal pain means an infection.
A RESEARCH ON ANATOMY OF LIGAMENTS AROUND THE ANKLE JOINT AND ITS CLINICAL APPLICATION
The additive is generally preferably used in the amount of 0.1 to 100 mol, more preferably 0.1 to 50 mol, per 1 mol of the optically active secondary amine of the formula [1].
The development of embryo sacs of 'Ziyingui' belonged to polygonum type.
It is believed that the reason why imatinib and other TKIs are a chronic or long-term therapy is that although TKIs are effective at debulking the blasts, the leukemic stem cells are less sensitive to these TKIs, and it has been suggested that this reflects a decreased requirement of these stem cells on the underlying mutant BCR-ABL.
POP showed significant inhibitory effects on hydrogen peroxide with IC50 value of 0. 541 mg/mL,which was lower than 0. 901 mg/mL of ascorbic acid.
DNA elongation factor(EFⅠ, EFⅢ)
But the expression of Bcl-2 in glandular epithelium did not differ between tamoxifen-associated endometrium and atrophic endometrium (0.50±0.17 vs 0.43±0.11,P=0.077).
after incubation for a certain time period ( e.g. 96 hours ) , embryos are fixed and blood vessels are visualized by color staining which specifically stains endogenous alkaline phosphatase activity predominantly in vascular endothelial cells .
Using o-phenylenediamine and hydroquinone as the fuctional monomer,and cardiac troponin I as the template,the molecular imprinting membrane was synthesized in the PBS solution of pH 7. 0 by cyclic voltammetry on the glassy carbon electrode with molecular imprinting technology.
The results indicated that the addition of ATPN can refine grains.
study on cure proces and compression time of ag-80/dds system with co-using of dda, dta &. d. c. resistance analysis method
in an analogous man to example 1, 5- ( 4- ( 4-Benzyloxy-phenylaminoypyrido[3, 4-d]pyrimidin-6-yl) -furan-2-carbald ehyde and glycine methyl ester hydrochloride were converted into that title compound
It is applied to the female vulvitis caused by different kinds of pathogenic microorganism£¬colpitis, cervicitis, cervical erosion, endometritis, pelvic inflammatory disease, adnexitis, oophoritis, vaginal prutitus, disorder of the leucorrhea and various kinds of gynecology diseases which haven't been cured for a long time; It is endowed with the function of antibiosis, relieving itching, moist, contracting the vagina, removing the foreign flavor and long nursing.
Even further, the present inventors have surprisingly discovered that the isothiocyanate compound exhibits a synergistic antimicrobial effect in combination with a sorbate or benzoate preservative utilized in the present invention (such combination being optional for beverage products), particularly wherein the isothiocyanate compound and the sorbate or benzoate preservative are utilized in the products and methods at low levels.
solid-phase synthese of luteinizing hormone release hormone and its analogue
Effects of mobilized hematopoietic stem cells induced by granulocyte colony stimulating factor on the expression of bcl-2 and bax in MCAO/R rats
The effect of nanosilica additive on the microstructure and corrosion resistance of the micro-arc oxidation coatings was investigated with a thickness gauge, a scanning electron microscope, an energy dispersive spectrometer, an X-ray photoelectron spectroscope, an electrochemical test rig and a saltspray test rig
in random ize crossover design, single dose of pantoprazole domestic tablet or imported ta blet 40 mg was given to 8 healthy male volunteer. plasma concentration was deter mined with HPLC method
A nano-class gamma-nickel hydroxyoxide is prepared through dissolving Ni salt in water, mixing with surfactant and Col or Zn or Cd ) salt, adding dropwise to the alkaline aqueous solution of oxidant, and oxidizing reaction while strong ultrasonic dispersing.
Methods Performing fresh human amniotic membrane transplantation of 106 patients (126 eyes) with ocular thermal burning by iron water at early stage.
mixed longchain fatty acid Ⅶ was also isolated. Compound Ⅵ is a lignan of asarinin type
Methods 32 cases with lumbar disc protrusion were classified into 4 groups randomly, 8 cases per group. Cephazolin,Flucloxacillin,Clindamycin and Tobramycin were administrated intravenously respectively. The nucleus pulposus specimens were obtained with PLD technique in 30 minutes interval after receiving 30-minute course of intravenous administration of antibiotics. The venous blood samples were obtained simultaneously.
5℃ and 83. 1℃,respectively,whereas that of maize was up to 92. 2℃;(5) The incorporation of waxy wheat had slight effect on peak time and peak temperature,while it greatly decreased the peak viscosity accompanied with the amount increase of of waxy wheat flour.
Sunitinb is a novel multitargeted receptor tyrosine kinase inhibitor.
In an alternative embodiment, if the platelets in the source container 30 are substantially concentrated, the separation step may not be necessary.
The values of IVRT, E/A, EVI/AVI in treatment group were obviously higher than those in the control group (P 0.05).
OBJECTIVES:To get some knowledge of the distribution of HBV genotypes in Jiangsu area and to analyze the relationship between HBV genotypes and the seriousness of the disease 、 the titer of HBV DNA and the state of HBeAg
is characterized by comprising 0.02-1.6% of polypeptide and 98.4-99.98% of calcium superphosphate based on total weight of the polypeptide.
tumefaciens grew at OD600=0.5~0.6 with YEB medium, prepared with 70mmol/LCaCl2.LBA4404 competent cells mixed with 10ng plasmid DNA at 0℃for 30 min, then frozened by liquid N2 for 5min, followed heat shock at 37℃for 5min, the transformation frequency reached 1.40×10~5transformants/μgDNA
in those embodiment, that coffee seed specific promote may be an oleosin gene promoter
such a composition will provide that two prefer components when the ester and polymer are metabolise in the stomach or in the plasma of the human or animal which has consumed them.
the result show that pitch spheres derive from petroleum pitch was difficult to be stabilized comparing with that spheres from coal tar pitch because the form one had excess reactivity with oxygen, the stabilization became easier as the added naphthalene content and the softening point of raw pitch increased
Preferred polymeric molecules are non-toxic polymeric molecules such as (m)polyethylene glycol ((m)PEG) which further requires a relatively simple chemistry for its covalently coupling to attachment groups on the enzyme's surface.
Among the 16 HC,there were 8 cases of giant malar type,5 cases of nodular type,and 3 cases of infiltrating type.
Patient 22 is then positioned in gantry 12 so that gantry 12 is aligned with the patient's entry point.
It's very important for elucidating mechanisms of diseases, screening subpopnlation susceptible to certain environmental factor to study the most generic genetic variations-single nucleotide polymorphism (SNP), and the SNP databases are important tools required for our study of SNP
The least tumor diameter was 3mm.
The samples were characterized by the X-ray and Atom Force Microscope.
The results of the testing were that the sulfated rayon fabric made according to Example 1 having a degree of sulfation (DS) of either 0.1 or 0.2, both yielded no detectible pathogenic virus at each of the time points tested (1, 5 and 15 minutes), indicating an influenza virus log reduction greater than 3 at each of the time points tested compared to the amount of virus applied to the fabric.
non-limiting examples of oral care actives among those useful herein include anti-tartar agents, anti-plaque agents, antibacterial agents, antimicrobial agents, anti-caries agents, anti-gingivitis agents, anti-viral agents, anti-inflammatory agents, antioxidants, compatible whitening agents, desensitizing agents, occluding agents, vitamins, nutrients, natural extracts and essential oils, compatible enzymes, periodontal actives, breath freshening agents, malodor control agents, salivary stimulants, ph modifying agents, analgesics and combinations and mixtures thereof.
Selection of Graft for Anterior Cruciate Ligament Reconstruction under Arthroscopy
include fat, total protein, casein, lactose, somatic cell, blood, progesterone, amino-acids urea, and nucleic acid.
the present invention relate to yeast strains and, in particular, to yeast stain for use in fermentation processes
Single-port laparoscopic surgery for radical nephrectomy:report of 22 cases
absorption, distribution, excretion and metabolism in mammals following administration, methamidophos is widely distributed in the body with no potential for accumulation.
specifically, disclose is a kit for detecting an analyte in a sample, comprise a first conjugate and a second conjugate, wherein that first conjugate comprises a first substance comprising a stimuli-responsive polymer and a first affinity substance having affinity for the analyte and bound to the first substance, and the second conjugate comprise a second substance carrying an electrical charge and a second affinity substance having affinity for the analyte and bound to the second substance
Polyurethane acrylic ester photosensitive resin oligomer and preparation method thereof
On the day of D3(the 3rd day of menstrual cycle),Group A were sub-divided into two groups according to whether achieved the pituitary down regulation criterion as Group A1(achieved group) and Group A2(failed group),and the usage of short-acting Triptorelin in Group A2 was changed to 0. 1 mg/d.
442 serum samples were detected for the Treponema pallidum antibodies.
Overall, the transfection efficiency of intramuscular injection of plasmid DNA was enhanced by increases in the injection volume and osmotic pressure.
Results The linear range of ellagic acid was 5. 36~171.40 μg/mL.The average recovery was 97. 82% and RSD was 1. 41%(n=9).
Reaching and maintaining a platelet count < 50,000/μl did not positively correlate with the 30-day mortality rate (p = 0.392 and 0.475, respectively
Results: After five weeks of brachytherapy, the resmlts were:(1) Angiography: the average luminal diameter stenosis was 55.2±14.47% in control vessels; 57.5±13.08% in9.1 Gy group;
include hepatitis C virus and viruses generally that replicate through an RNA dependent RNA reverse transcriptase
According to the polyamide composition disclosed by the invention, acrylic acid grafted POE and the inorganic filler are combined better, so that the prepared polyamide composition has better mechanical properties. Meanwhile, the floating fibers on the surface of the polamide composition are improved remarkably, and the product prepared by the polyamide composition has good surface.
EXPRESSION OF PANCREATIC CANCER RELATED ANTIGEN PS 4 IN GASTRIC CANCER AND ITS PRECANCEROUS LESION
The Application of Recurrent Neural Networks to the Inverse Model Learning Control of Manipulators
The association of glucokinase(GCK) gene with type 2 diabetes in Chinese was studied by using the polymerase-chain-reaction amplified microsatellite polymorphism marker, GCK-5'.
MethodsThe psychometrics were conducted to the 2 patients and psychometric results were recorded in the 2 weeks after hand transplantation originally by SCL-90. SAS, SDS.
the synergism drug composition is suitable for treatment of lymphoma, lung cancer, brain tumors, breast cancer and myeloma
include providing a balloon catheter have a shaft with a lumen and a balloon portion sigmaperatively associated with that lumen, providing an expandable implant having a first implantable size and configuration capable of undergo plastic deformation to a second expandable size larger than the implantable size and an expandable configuration different than the implantable configuration, the expandable implant mounted on the balloon portion of the balloon catheter,
Objective to the coronary angiography (CAG) for reference, evaluation of 64 rows of coronary CT (CTCA), i.e. 64 Multi-Slice Spiral CT (MSCT) in diagnosis of coronary artery disease.
A series of rare earth compound oxides with the formula of La0.8Sr0.2Mn1-xCoxO3( x =0.0, 0.3, 0.5, 1.0) were prepared by the method of citric acid.
Treatment of 2 Cases of Giant Intracranial Aneurysms by Embolization of Microcoil
Studies indicate that high level of heme oxygenase 1(HO-1) expression is stimulated by oxidative stress,and it has been found in the psoriatic plaque.
The responses of activities of CAT,SOD in Heterosigma akashiwo and Chattonella marina to the nutrient limitation were investigated.The results showed that N-depletion depressed the growth and stimulated the activities of CAT and SOD in H. akashiwo and C. marina.
Methods A total of 24 male Wistar rats were randomly divided into 4 groups,sham-operation group(group A),subtotal nephrectomy(STN) group(group B),STN with Shenyansiwei Tablet treatment group(group C),and normal rats with Shenyansiwei Tablet treatment group(group D).
The natural distribution,diffusion,and geographical origin of the genus Homidia B?rner,1906(Collembola:Entomobryidae) are investigated based on the geographical distribution of the genus Homidia.
Purification and Insecticidal Mechanism of Insecticidal Proteins from Xenorhabdus Nematophila
Cellulose nanocrystal(CNC)-poly(vinyl alcohol)(PVA) hydrogels were prepared from polymer aqueous solution by freezing and thawing method.
Infrared and Raman spectra of C 60 are analysed. Four IR absorption peaks are found at 527,576,1187 and 1430 cm -1 . The theoretical calculations agree with the experimental results. Force constants calculated from the measured value show that the acting force models between two carbon atoms in C 60 are C C bond and weak C=C bond.
Effect of psychological intervention on reducing depression and anxiety in patients with head and neck cancer during the period of radiotheraphy
The average recoveries ranged from 60% to 90% of the fortified 6 sedatives in beef at 2,5 and 10 μg/kg levels.The limits of detection of 6 sedatives were from 0. 5 μg/kg to 1 μg/kg and the correlations were greater than 0. 98 between 2 and 50 ng/mL.
Under roentgenologic and contrast control, the catheter was placed at 25 mm distance from the branch to the left intra-pectoral artery (a. mammaria interna sinisra).
Desirably, the methanol composition that is separated from the crude methanol comprises a majority of the methanol and a majority of aldehyde and/or alcohol supplements contained in the crude alcohol prior to separation.
Conclusion High level of MIF is a risk factor for CAD patients.The MIF-ROS-DDAH2-ADMA-NO signaling pathway may be involved in endothelial dysfunction and also the progression of coronary artery disease.
A flame-retardant resin composition comprises a base resin (e.g., a polyester-series resin), a flame retardant (A) comprising a salt of an amino group-containing triazine compound with a sulfuric acid and/or a sulfonic acid, a flame-retardant auxiliary (B).
Conclusion:MRI with enhancement and special scan series,which has remarkable characteristics such as multiple ring-like enhancment,nodular enhancment lesion and obvious edema around the lesion,is very helpful to the detection of brain metastases of lung cancer.
Objective To screen for FADH2-depedent halogenase positive strains for finding natural halometabolites by mining actinomycetes genome DNA.
fluid-widening therapy
Objective To explore the efficacy and tolerability of aripiprazole in the adjunctive treatment for risperidone-induced hyperprolactinemia.
the prognosi depended on that etiology, age of onset < 3 month, development delay before onset and focal or multifocal discharge on interictal EEG
e. how effective therapy is progres
The results suggest that microinjection of A Ⅱ into thefourth ventrical had central pressor effect, and that the pressor effect of A Ⅱ mightbe due to increase of peripheral vascular resistance and mediated through centralα_1-adrenoceptor and central vasopressin.
3. After introduced the sites of restrictive endonuclease enzyme NdeI and BamH I, the identified SW band were cloned into prokarytoic expression vector pRSET, to fulfill its efficient expression in E Coli BL2KDE3).
Objective:To study the inhibitive effect of combination of TRAIL and As2O3 on the osteosarcoma cell lines and explore the nerw therapy of osteosarcoma.
Evaluation of Metformin in Polycystic Ovary Syndrome (PCOS) to Promote the Role of Ovulation Treatment
The research about the role of microRNAs in cancer has also become a hotspot in recent years.
All CVA24v isolates were performed by VP1 sequencing.
The invention discloses a method for increasing the yield of hyaluronic acid which adopts streptococcus zooepidemicus to ferment and produce hyaluronic acid and fermentation process is first performedat 32-36 DEG C for 8-16h and continuously performed at 36-40 DEG C. The fermentation liquor obtained by the method contains much more hyaluronic acid than that obtained by constant temperature fermentation and can be widely used in the production of hyaluronic acid by microbial fermentation.
Suitable α amylases may be naturally occurring as well as recombinant and mutant α amylases.
(3) PNCTs and CMAPs on both sides had significant correlation with arousal index,maximal length of respiratory events,average SaO_2,minimum SaO_2,oxygen desaturation index(ODI),the percentage of total sleep time below 90% SaO_2,and apnea-hypopnea index(AHI).
STUDY ON PEROXIDASE ACTIVITY AND ITS INFLUENCE FACTORS IN PTERIDIUM AQUILINUM
METHODS: In a case-control study including 220 controls and 452 patients with gastric carcinoma (intestinal, 176; diffuse, 137; atypical, 139), both of the IL-1B-511 C/T biallelic polymorphism were genotyped by PCR-SSCP and PCR-standard agarose gel electrophoresis(AGE
adding edible sodium hydroxide solution, glucose, glutamine transmitting enzyme, laurate monoglyceride, potassium sorbate and phosphate into albumen glue;
Conclusion Adjuvant treatment of aerosol inhalation has good effect on bronchial asthma,and the efficacy of using spray pump is more stable than using ultrasonic atomizer with less adverse reaction,so it is worth clinical popularizing and application.
The results show that the nata-producing strain was obtained from broth,and the optimum medium of nata fermentation is as follows: glucose of 2%,peptone of 1%,yeast extract of 0. 5%,citric acid of 0. 1% and disodium hydrogen phosphate of 0. 5%.
At present, we have adopted clinical autologous tissue transplantation, bone substitutes, implants and distraction osteogenesis, has been made more satisfactory clinical results.
From November 2000 to June 2002, 20 cases suffered from upper cervical spinal diseases, including 11 old odontoid fractures, 5 acute odontoid fractures, 4 C1/2 dislocations with basilar impession, were studied. Of whom, there was one case of developmental odontoid abnormity, and one case of congenital atlantal posterior tubercle absence with Klippel Feil syndrome, and two cases of congenital atlanto occipital fusion with Klippel Feil syndrome
In general, it is correct that as the acid content increases, the reactivity of MDI (i.e. the relative reactivity of isocyanate to polyol) slows down or decreases.
the retractor is position to expose that left anterior descending artery graf site after incision
Locus of Control and Depression
In the other 4 cases of successful ablation by pace mapping around the EVA, the QRS morphology was identical to the spontaneous VT at least in 11 leads and the local endocardial activation electrogram preceded to the QRS(T-QRS) by 26±12.8ms.
Clinical Application of Determination of Serum Interleukin-2,Interleukin-6 and Insulin-like Growth Factor-Ⅱ in Children with Renal Disease
The effective rate of IOP control was 87%, and the severe complication was macular degeneration.
to detect the patient 's respiration state, for example, motion of the patient 's chest can be also used.
The results showed that the activity of hepatic T_4 5'-deiodinase in two Se-deficient groups (I~+Se~- and I~-Se~-) was significantly lower than that in two Se-supplemented groups (I~+Se~+ and I~-Se~+), but there was no effect of iodine deficiency or supplement on this
The number and total volume of intravascular volume administration in the first 8 and 24 hours of venoarterial extracorporeal membrane oxygenation treatment are statistically significantly related to the development of intracranial hemorrhage.
aqueous suspensions of submicron 9-hydroxyrisperidone fatty acid esters
Materials and methods: (1) From the April of 2002 to the January of 2004, on thebases of ACL reconstruction with bone- knee tendon -bone model, ACL was replaced with four biceps femoris tendon, which was fixed with SR-PLA poly-lactide Biodegradable interface screw, 42 cases were treated with ACL reconstruction
The observation for maligant tumour patient′s chromosomal aberration and fragile site
Conclusion The procedure of auricular concha-meatal flap and superficial temporal fascial flap can tamponade mastoid cavity and reconstruct ear canal wall simultaneously.
Acrylate ultraviolet light curable coating and preparation method thereof
This paper reports the study on the percutaneous absorption of Yiling-cream in rabbits in vivo and in vitro.The results showed that vitamin E(VE),the principal ingredient of Yiling-cream,could penetrate into the rabbit skin.The amount of VE penetrating into the plasma was time-dependent.A peak concentration of VE was attained at the 4th hr.in vivo or at 8th hr in vitro after application of the cream.The rate-time relationship in vitro presented a positive correlation,with a correlation coefficient r=0.9587,...
After long-term use of the composition, the symptoms disappear, and diabetic complications are effectively controlled.
The Reference Dose and Volume of High Dose Rate~(60) Co Intracavitary Therapy of Uterine Cervical Cancer
However, an HLB value is used only when the concentration of a surfactant in solution is sufficiently low such that a molecular monolayer of the surfactant is formed around droplets dispersed in a continuous phase, i. e., around the primary W1/O emulsion.
The first (or reference or pelvis) sensor unit 2211 may be used to determine the pre-operative reference positioning of the femur 2206 with respect to the pelvis 2204 by tracking the markers on array 2205.
a method for locating compounds which are suitable for the treatment and/or prophylaxis of obesity, whereby the ability of the examined compounds to inhibit de novo lipogenase in mammals and/or humans is determined.
(3)Cutaneous nerves encircled lipocytes and made up nerve network in the hypodermis where many nerve trunks were observed.
These results demonstrate that the PAI-1/PPIB duplex by NASBA allows quantification of the expression of the PAI-1 gene from a very small amount of total RNA and, more broadly, from a very small amount of tumor cells, and is entirely suitable for studying the diagnosis/prognosis of breast cancer and the response of a patient to a given treatment.
the product has effect in clearing away lung heat, relieve inflammation, promoting lung function, and dissipating phlegm, and can be used for treat upper airway infection caused by pyretic pulmonary disease and influenza virus
Influence of preoperative pain education on pain control effect of patients after thoractomy
Results:(1) In the vaccine group,the frequency of non- orhyporesponse was 8.428% (118/1400),and that of hyperresponse was 3.214% (45/1400).
Objective:To approach clinical curative effect of curing Venous ulcer of lower extremities by Color Doppler to orientate.
According to the methodic recommendations of the Ministry of Public Health on preclinical studies of antianginal drugs, the studies should be performed in several stages.
Objective: To discuss pre-hospital care for patients with acute heart failure.
Pre-implantation mortality in rabbits of group 2 (injected with the investigational drug) was by 18.9% higher than that in animals treated with placebo.
A review is made on the diagnosis and treatment of 18 cases of biliary atresia hospitalized in the past 4 years.
lungs were flushed with 3 ml saline and the cells in this broncho alveolar lavage ( bal ) were identified and quantified through facs analysis.
LYOPHILIZATION OF ANTI- Pseudomonas aeruginosa YOLK IMMUNOGLOBULIN
CMV infection rate of pregnant women is 19.2 %.
Correlation between ambulatory pluse pressure and atherosclrosis in essential hypertensives
soak Curcuma rhizome for 24 hours, grin, sieving with 60 mesh sieve to obtain oversize product cellulose and screenings starch slurry, drying and recover cellulose
31 patients in the control group did the traditional bladder exercises.
Effect of berberine on hepatic glucokinase and its regulatory protein in insulin-resistant rats
It can be prepared also by emulsion polymerization of a monomer mixture containing said fluoroolefin in the presence of not more than 1.0% by weight, preferably not more than 0.5% by weight, more preferably not more than 0.2% by weight (the lower limit generally being 0.01% by weight), relative to water, of a fluorine-containing surfactant and 0.001 to 0.1% by weight, preferably 0.01 to 0.05% by weight, relative to water, of a nonionic fluorine-freesurfactant.
The electrochemical behaviors of 4,7-Diphenyl-1,10-phenanthroline(Bathophenanthroline, BPT) were investigated. Studies have been given to the influencing factors and the electrochemical properties of inclusion complexes of cyclodextrin with biphenol. Electrochemical supermolecular probe of BPT-CD was optimized
Method The clinical data of 10 cases of ELG were reviewed.
Comparison of the effect of two pre-washing methods in patients with heparin free hemodialysis
The research interest of this thesis is concentrated on the two parts: (1) synthesis and characterization of methacrylic acid and maleic acid homopolymers via aqueous RAFT polymerization and their application in miniemulsion polymerization with methyl methacrylate (MMA) or styrene (St
Methods:Mifepristone 25 mg bid orally for 5 days.
A new SPR sensor for the detection of nicosulfuron herbicide was prepared based on a combina-tion of molecularly imprinted technique with surface plasmon resonance(SPR) spectroscopy.
Effects of PCIA and PCEA on Gastrointestinal Function Restoration in Patients Underwent Lower Limb Surgery
Methods By electroporation, the recombinant pcDNA3 hRNAβ plasmid was transfected into the hRNAβ gene not expressed human myleocytic leukemic cell line HL 60R.
Hereditary factors and cerebral glioma
In this study, relying on laboratory strains and natural resources high-salt sample resources, we have screened halophilic bacteria by using particular high-salt mediums and mediums supplemented by specific components of waste water
The plasma levels of 6-Kete-Prostaglandin Fla(PGFla) and thromboxane B2(TXB2) in 47 patients with transient ischemic attacks(TIA) were determined by radio-immunoassay. An increase of TXB2 and a decrease of PGFla were found in TIA patients. The higher TXB2 level and lower PGFla level were found in TIA patients with infarction on CT or MRI and in patients with ischemic attacks lasting more than 30 min. But PGFla level had a significant increase after three months treatment. The imbalance between PGFlaand TXB2 i
Second,we investigate the asymptotic behavior of the solution and the lifetime of the droplet referred to in the modle.Moreover,our results are the key issue for the ordered pattern formation.
stem cell that may be used in accordance with that invention include, but are not limit to, cord blood ( CB ) cells, placental cells, embryonic stem ( ES ) cells, embryonic-like stem cell, trophoblast stem cells, progenitor cells, bone marrow stem cells and multipotent, pluripotent and totipotent cells.
Study on the Feature and Condition of Protease-Producing by Mucor
Methods HPLC fingerprint was performed on Diamonsil C18 column(4. 6 mm×250 mm,5 μm) with a gradient mobile phase of methanol-water solution system at the flow rate of 1. 0 mL·min-1. The detection wavelength was 230 nm and the column temperature kept at 30 ℃.
stable pharmaceutical budesonide preparation for produce propellant-free aerosols
The pharmacoeconomic study of coadministration of cyclosporin A with berberine hydrochloride;
Methods Clinical data of 21 patients with colonoscopy induced IC reported by domestic and foreign literature and the patients in this paper was comprehensively analyzed.
The results showed that the difference in the SOC contents at any two land-use types was highly significant(P single cropping paddy field(27.03 g/kg) > flood drought rotation land(24.79 g/kg) > dry-land(17.96 g/kg).
The survival rates of 1,3,5 years were 86. 36%,51.51%,15.
study on physiological index under saltstress in potato ( solanum tuberosum l
Psychological statistics is a subject which is combined with statistics theory and psychological research.
Results: Tumour metastatic gene was related to the occurrence, metastasis and prognosis of breast cancer.
Weasel Liver
Comparison of surgical effectiveness between two kinds of triple operation for neovascular glaucoma
Peritoneal metastasis
Conclusion Acupuncture with early enteral nutrition therapy in patients with severe brain can improve nutritional status efficiently and reduce complications significantly.
Objective To explore the effect of hyperbaric oxygen therapy on blood levels of C-reactive protein and glucose in patients with traumatic brain injury.
the nutrient solution doe not contain chemical components ruin environment, is rich in mineral elements, amino acid, organic nutrients and physiological activators, can effectively promote that growth of apple tree and improve the fruit quality, and has remarkable bacteriostasis effect on the common diseases of apple
Both benign and malignant endocrine neoplasms demonstrate some degree of cellular pleomorphism, so it is not easy to tell benign from malignant on histologic grounds alone
Any of various lipid compounds containing glucose or galactose and glucose, and found in the brain and other nerve tissue.
Targeted radionuclide therapy for patients with metastatic medullary thyroid carcinoma
Method: Mice were twice administered with Niuhuang Qingwei wan(0.83,1.67,3.33 g·kg-1,ig) and rats were twice administered with Niuhuang Qingwei wan(0.59,1.18,2.36 g·kg-1,ig). The effects on the stomach function were evaluated by the gastric emptying test in mice and the gastric analysis in rats.
This cytokine is highly sensitive to acidic pH conditions.
DAS Quality of HCC and Opacification Parameter
ResultsNovel mutation points of GCH-1 gene were found in 2 of the 4 Chinese families, but not in other 2 families
If the content of the fluorine-containing monomer (B) in the monomer mixture is less than 20% by weight, the resulting copolymer, as well as the ocular lens material therefrom, will tend to have poor mechanical strength, resistance to deposition and oxygen permeability.
the presence of squamous metaplastic cell indicates that that transformation zone has been sample
For this the gene was firstly divided into three fragments of 6 oligonucleotides each and the three fragments were linked together in a second PCR cycle.
it is apply in form of topical patches to achieve direct topical treatment and target administration, by direct attachment to affected part, so that it can act rapidly in terms of sore eliminating, toxic substance remove, bactericidal and antiphlogistic effects, as well as slough eliminating, granulation promoting, and sore healing effects; in simple way.
Imaging dose estimation method and imaging dose estimation system
Investigation of some Characteristics of Milled Bagasse Lignin
(2) Fractional catabolic rates (FCRs) of LDL for receptor dependent and independent pathways were significantly increased (P<0.01,P<0.05,respectively). The half life of 2nd index curve (t1/2) of receptor independent pathway was reduced significantly (P<0.05).
synthesis of complex oxide by glycine-nitrate combustion and their electrochemical characteristics
low levels of crosslinking monomers may also be used as known in the art to improve certain properties of the polymers.
There was a close positive correlation between the concentrations of free peolineand rates of tissue autoxidation
Plasmid Encoding CD40 Ligand Enhances Immune Response to Influenza DNA Vaccine
Conclusions: Yangxin Tongmai granule can reinforce myocardium contractility, improve myocardium energy metabolism, reinforce bloodpumping function, increase renal blood flow and antioxidizing, therefore the Yangxin Tongmai granule can relieve the injury of myocardium, decrease heart preload and improve cardiac function
the system and methods for that measurement of surface can be applied to the measurement of biological surfaces, such as skin, wounds, lesion, and ulcers
Loss of nm23/NDPK may be relevant to the formation of aneuploidy cells in human gastric and colorectal carcinomas.
the releasable connection 11, 12, use in that disposable set of this invention may be any connection known to the person skilled in the art, as long as it contain a first and a second part which are releasable connectible to each other and wherein the second part 12 in the disconnected state is open to the air to permit aspiration and a back flow of blood from a patients ' vein into the second tubing part 10
the numb of HIV infections among that trial volunteer who received the vaccine was higher than the rate among those who received a placebo
(4) No change of T lymphocyte subsets was found in the treated group after treatment, but in the control group, OKT 3, OKT 4 and OKT 4/OKT 8 ratio were markedly decreased (P<0 05);
Adenovirus CNHK600-p53 carrying p53 gene can enhance chemosensitivity of BEL7404 hepatocarcinoma cell line. Gene therapy using adenovirus CNHK600-p53 in combination with chemotherapy may be a new strategy for hepatocarcinoma treatment.
The nonsequential double ionization of helium by high-intensity (1. 5×1015 W/cm2) few-cycle laser pulses is investigated using a three-dimensional semi-classical rescattering model, with emphasis on the longitudinal correlated momentum spectra.
There was no tumor recurrence case after 1 to 2 years of follow-up in 18 patients.
One study has shown that fish oil, which contains DHA and eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), can reduce the risk of current asthma, which was defined as wheeze plus exercise-induced airway hyperresponsiveness (AHR).
Metarterole was connecting extensive venous plexus composed of irregular meshes,whereas the post capillary venule joined the venues at the cortico-medullary boundary and finally into blood vessels at the surface of the glands,thus forming the thymus vein,which emptied into the external jugular vein.
The value of transvaginal ultrasound combined with abdominal compression in the diagnosis of small mass of ectopic pregnancy
establish any monoclonal antibodies against any antigen by pas cell hybridization even immunization
The present invention relates to a method for the purification of antibodies from a protein mixture produced in a bioreactor, at least comprising the steps of intermediate purification and polishing, wherein the intermediate purification and polishing step comprises in-line anion exchange chromatography (AEX) treatment and hydrophobic interaction chromatography (HIC) treatment in flow through mode.
RESULTS Artn was expressed in smooth muscle cells of dural vasculature in a model of migraine and the expression of Artn conspicuously increased at 6 h after injection of NTG compared to injection of NS.
examplesmethods and materials media and cell culture.
Influence of amino acids and vitamins on the ultrastructure of calf skeletal muscle and relevant enzymes in exhausted swiming rats
The histological changes of myocardium: In the myocardial infarction+mobilized group, there was a mild myocardial infarcted severity, CD34 positive immature myocardium-like cells could be observed, the basic structure of the ischemia myocardium was protected
A compounds according to claim 1, wherein R6 is selected from the group consisting ofphenyl, said phenyl being substituted by a substituent selected from the group consisting of carboxyl, carboxyl-C1-7-alkyl, carboxyl-C1-7-alkoxy, C1-7-alkoxycarbonyl, C1-7-alkoxycarbonyl-C1-7-alkyl, C1-7-alkoxycarbonyl-C1-7-alkoxy and C3-7-cycloalkyl substituted by carboxyl or C1-7-alkoxycarbonyl, and, in addition, optionally substituted by one or two substituents selected from the group consisting of halogen, halogen-C1-7-alkyl, C1-7-alkyl, hydroxy, cyano, C1-7-alkylsulfonyl, C1-7-alkoxy and halogen-C1-7-alkoxy
Clinical distribution and drug resistance change of respiratory nosocomial infections of Acinetobacter baumannii
A slow-releasing Erigeron breviscapus capsule for treating coronary heart disease, angine pectoris and myocardial infarction
Women in the test group receive between 1-1000 mg of the active agent per day by the oral route.
14. The agent as claimed in claim 1, wherein the hydrolyzing agent is selected from the group consisting of sodium hydroxide and potassium hydroxide and is present in an amount of 1-40 mol % of the total amount of the monomers.
STUDY ON THE EFFECT OF SURFACTANT HEAD GROUP ON THE LIGNINOLYTIC ACTIVITY OF ENZYMES
Results:The cure rate and the total effective rate was 47.61%、92 06% respectively in the treated group, 21 21%、66 67% respectively in the control group, The effective comparisons of the treated group to the control group showed significant difference ( P <0 05
Objective: To investigate the optimal time point to dismantle the distractor during mandibular distraction osteogenesis in goats
The medicament and the preparation method have the beneficial effects that the used Chinese medicine formula is simple, the raw materials are easily available, the price is relatively cheap, the preparation and application method is simple, the curative effect is obvious, and the healing rate is so high to reach 90 percent and therefore, currently, the medicament is a novel medicament for treating the neurasthenia.
in certain embodiment, that tissue matrices include cationic anti-microbial agent that form a stable bond with the tissue matrices without adversely affecting the biologic properties of the tissue matrice.
whilst the above-mentioned phenyl and pyridinyl groups may additionally be substituted in the carbon skeleton by a fluorine, chlorine or bromine atom or by a methyl, methoxy, trifluoromethyl, hydroxy, amino, acetylamino, aminocarbonyl or cyano group,
such self-storing electrode would be useful in a wide array of applications for both receiving and transmitting current such as , for example , in cardiac defibrillation , pacing and monitoring .
Objective To study the infection status of mycoplasma and the druy sensitivity in patients with bacteirial vaginosis.
The nervebranch is 0.6mm in width and couldbe separated for 62mm in length. Theaccomapnying artery could be separa-ted for 113mm in length with a dia-meter of 2.5mm at the origin and0.9mm near the muscle.
simultaneous determination of nonvolatile organic acid, sugars, some amino acid and phosphoric acid in cigarette
Among 1152 genes, there were 95 genes with different expressions, of which 45 genes were upregulated and 50 genes were downregulated in HepG2 cells transfected with core protein expression plasmid.
Determinates on Prognosis and Quality of Life Following Percutaneous Coronary Intervention with Stent
methoxy group, ethoxy group, (iso)propoxy group, and other alkoxy groups;
AGE DETERMINATION AND GROWTH OF MONOPTERUS ALBUS
FIG. 7 shows expression of the Rxfp1 relaxin receptor in the kidney of male and female rats.
The Experimental Research on Effect of Acupuncture on The changes in Content of NOS,CAT and MDA in Brain and Kidney Tissues By Acupuncturing "Zu San Li" and "Guan Yuan" Point of Old Rats
The phase composing and microstructure of ZrB_2-SiC composites were investigated by XRD, SEM and EDS.
United Application of Furosemide and Mannitol on Acute Swelling Limb: Clinical Analysis
Cellulose Nanofibril Reinforced Polymer Nanocomposites:A Review
Other groups contained same fluoride were 0.5% NaF and 0.5% NaF+2% CaCl 2.After 8 hour, measure the concentration of fluoride in lact ic acid gel at 1,3,714,36 hour
Clinical features of hematologic involvements in patients with primary Sjgren's syndrome
Optimization on Conditions for Sulfuric Acid Hydrolysis of Rice Straw Powder
target nano lipid core micelle use for carrying docetaxel, and preparation method and application thereof
[Conclusion]Case teaching could make students glad to study and could improve the thinking ability of students.It’s a good way in clinical teaching of dermatology.
Photobacterium phosphoreum
The Clinical Observation of Treating Un-cracked Oviduct Pregnancy Conservatively with Three Methods
A cross-linked chitosan/activated carbon composite membrane(CCTS) was prepared under microwave irradiation.The structure of product was characterized by IR and SEM,and its main performances,adsorption mechanism and adsorption conditions of copper ions were investigated.
Treatment of solitary anterior-process fracture of the calcaneus
One week before and after therapy,the hearing function and vestibular function tests were performed respectively.The silica gel tube was occasionally put into tympanic cavity and fixed at round window niche.MP was injected into tympanic cavity through tubes on alternate days for two weeks.GM was injected on alternate days for 4 times.Next day following injection,the pure tone test was performed,and the injection was stopped immediately if hearing loss aggravating was found.
Diagnosis of prediabetes by both the new HbA(1c) criterion and impaired fasting glucose identified individuals with an increased risk of progression to diabetes
the head carried venous puncture leading instrument is one venous imaging system comprising infrared emitter, infrared receiver and head carried display.
The provided screen and identification method for SERPINH1 gene on immune tolerance comprises: preparing human immune tolerance dendritic cell by external culture to increase the expression of SERPINH1 gene in the dendritic cell;
Methods We randomly selected 1 200 prescriptions from January to December in 2010,calculated out the number of species of drugs,the use rate of essential medicines,the percentage of prescriptions containing injections,the percentage of prescriptions containing antibiotics,the percentage of prescriptions containing antibiotics combined with traditional Chinese medicine injections,then we discussed and analysed them on the basis of the relevant provisions.
in addition, cell from animal living body can be also use as host cells.
The restorer of AB1 had one pair of dominant major genes. When one of them is present in the nucleus, the effect of the environmental sensitive genes will be masked
high performance liquid chromatography
Results After screening a total of 382 cases of patients with early gastric cancer seven randomized controlled trials(randomized controlled trials,RCT) were included in the systematic reviews.
The analgesia of clonidine (1 mg/kg, sc) was antagonized by CaCl_2(1μmol/rat, icv) and potentiated by EGTA (0.2 μmol/rat, icv), a calcium chelator.
Results Bacterial colonies decreased after patients rinsined with any mouth rinses of the three.
Determination of Erythritol in Ethanolic Extracts of Bailing Capsule by HPLC
Preliminary evaluation of MSCT perfusion image on post-operative follow-up of glioma
the Studies of human rotavirus serotype in Guangzhou 2. that Studies of HRV serotypes with a quantitative cytopathic effect reduction assay in microculture plate for neutralize antibody to HRV
The safe and effective key step was to monitor and value step by step. The article is focused on the method, content, identifying standard, monitoring data and preventing complications o…
the protein trimerization modif of that invention can be use for constructing and express virus surface antigens which exist in the trimer form naturally, and constructing a candidate gene vaccine or a subunit vaccine
Such lipophilic moieties may be linked to an oligonucleotide at several different positions on the oligonucleotide.
The levels of serum alkaline aminotransferase(ALT),aspartate aminotransferase(AST) and total cholesterol(TC) in serum and contents of triglyceride(TG) and gamma glutamyltransferase(γ-GT) in liver tissues were detected.
Results CA125 was increased in the order of peritoneal fluid, pleural, malignant tumor of thoracic cavity, heart failure, abdominal cavity accumulate fluid(serum), hepatocirrhosis, hydrothorax(serum), lung cancer and hepatoma/cholangitis
children acute respiratory infection
Methods Using immunohistochemical staining method to detect papillary thyroid carcinoma 78 cases of thyroid carcinoma,45 cases of cancer by normal mucosa tissue(distance cancerous tissue>2cm) autophagy Beclinl gene related PTEN and the protein expression,and combined with clinical pathological factors were analyzed.
THE EXPRESSION CHANGES OF NT-3 AND NT-4 IN NEURONS FOLLOWING CRUSHED SPINAL CORD INJURY
DETAILED DESCRIPTION OF THE INVENTION The present invention relates generally to the method of increasing the oral bioavailability of pharmaceutical agents that are poorly absorbed from the gastrointestinal tract, and to methods of improved treatment of patients through the oral administration of such agents.
glechoma longituba, oldenlandia, radical lobelia, dutchmanspipe root, notoginseng, hedyotis chrysotricha, giant knotweed rhizome, sago cycas root, chaenomeles fruit, rhinoceros horn, root of American ginseng, musk, natural cow-bezoare, Chinese aralia, schisandra fruit, stenoloma leaf, houttuynia, ginseng and Tb, Dy, Ho, Er, Tm, Yb, Lu, La, Pr, Nd, Pm, Sm, Eu, Gd, Ge, palladous sulfate, uranium sulfate, copper sulfate, ferrous sulfate and barium sulfate, etc. The present invention can be made into oral drug, injection and drug for external use.
Mechanism of Breast Cancer Resistance Protein Mediated Multidrug Resistance and its Conversion
it is often practical to administer the daily dose of a JNK Inhibitor at various hours of the day .
The mass spectrometer 78 works by atomizing and ionizing the compound of interest received from the separation element 76 into its constituent elements or molecular fragments of the parent molecule using a high-energy source, such as a high-energy electron beam (not shown).
In this dissertation, the methods of dipolar filter were employed to study the spin diffusion of polymers in the solid-state high-resolution NMR spectroscopy
The compositions of the invention may include Seaprose as the sole ingredient or also include a pharmaceutically acceptable carrier
The utility of CT and MRI in the diagnosis of shear- laceration of brain
Self-rating Anxiety Scale( SAS) was used to explore prevalence of the anxiety among the vocational college students.
Expression and Clinical Significance of Peripheral Blood ERCC1mRNA in Colorectal Cancers with the Application of Real Time Fluorescent Quantitative RT-PCR
To determine the level of serum uric acid of both mid-young people with acute cerebral infarction at admission on day 1 and control group respectively with the enzyme by a Hitachi 7600 automatic biochemical analyzer.
In the process, in addition to macronutrients such as carbon (C), nitrogen (N), phosphorus (P), and sulphur (S), trace elements play a crucial role in the growth and metabolism of anaerobic microorganisms.
In Vitro Test of the Activation of Clones of T Cells Specific for FVIII
Methods: Use ten species of common antibiotics alone or synapse to compose with seven species of common bacteria which causing diseases.
Clinical significance of the concentration of matrix metalloproteinases-9 and soluble P-selections in early critically ill patients
The role of Hsp70 in immunoreaction has been paid more attention to because of its immune regulation and activation of some cytokines. The aim of the present study is to improve the model of rat orthotopic liver transplantation to observe the development of acute rejection after operation and investigate the
Vesicorectal fistula caused by electrosection for bladder tumor per urethra in 1 case
ResultsThe results of the analyzers of calibration showed the good comparability and correlation,and statistical significance was less different obviously.
The accurate rate of rough mucosa with yellowish nodules,porcelain-white nodules,and scaly change for the diagnosis of intestinal metaplasia was 91. 43%,86.36% and 100. 00%,respectively.
The PSG results are summarized in Table 1 and show that the test group had a longer SOL, a shorter TST, and a shorter wake time after sleep onset as compared to the control group.
For example, in some embodiments, the blood test member 32 can collect a blood sample and is then inserted into or coupled a blood test device for testing the collected blood.
MRI Study of Cerebral and Meningeal Metastasis
Methods LC-MS was used to speculate the main impurity.The target compound was synthesized via esterification,condensation,hydrolization substitution,using 3-hydroxypropionitrile as starting material.
For all patients would blood and detect circulation endothelial cells(CEC)and ET-1,NO levels at the first and seventh day when Xuebijing injecton were given,at the same time scores all the patients with APACHEⅡ.
Clinical Experience with Calcium Supplementation in Pregnancy
The results show that: At the beginning of the aging treatment(0-10h), the microhardness of the fusion zone increased sharply due to the fast increase of the diffusion rate of Al and Zn and the volume fraction of β-Mg17(Al, Zn) 12
Stereotactic Radiotherapy for Residual or Recurrent Nasopharyngeal Carcinoma
Relationship between postoperative serum thyroid-stimulating hormone concentration and recurrence of nodular goiter in Changji Hui autonomous prefecture of Xinjiang
epiletological neurophysiology
the present invention relate to a group of novel 1H-imidazole derivatives, to method for that preparation of these compounds
The invention aims to provide a novel selection for prognostic analysis of non-muscle invasive bladder cancer.
Brimonidine tartrate is effective in treating the symptoms of rosacea.
Electrophysiological study of normal phrenic nerve function
The invention provides a method of the virus-infected patient hits the virus load to reduce synergisticallying.
Objective To study the effect of long interspersed nucleotide acids element-1(LINE-1) ORF-1p on proliferation of estrogen receptor α(ERα) positive human breast cancer ZR75-1 cells and its possible mechanism.
All patients showed satisfactory internal fistula angiographic images,that is,certain items,including arterial inflow and venous outflow tract,anastomotic stenosis,imaging,length,position,which were clearly displayed.
investigate into of effective constituent transference of herba Ephedrae and cortex Magnoliae officinalis in preparation course of Shujin Kechuan capsule
A comparative analysis of corneal topography between emmetropia and myopia children
The retention of the left dp4 is induced likely by the abnormal growth of the left p4 germ,while the deformity of the left and right p4 may be caused by hereditary factors and/or malnutrition.
The invention relates to a preparation method of redispersible latex powder, which comprises the following steps: (1) preparing a cation emulsion; (2) adding an inorganic substance precursor into the cation emulsion for a sol-gel reaction so as to prepare a composite emulsion with an inorganically-coated polymer core shell particle structure; (3) performing spray drying of the composite emulsion to obtain the latex powder.
For optimal service restoration of relevant regions, the combination of problem-oriented genetic algorithm with heuristic search is applied to the service restoration strategy, where the genetic algorithm is used to search the path of power supply and the heuristic search is used to determine the disconnecting switches to be switched off. Thus the length of the chromosome in genetic algorithm is obviously shortened, the search space is reduced and the search is speeded up.
AIM To determine the concentration of dioxopromethazine hydrochloride in human plasma and investigate its pharmacokinetics in healthy volunteers following oral administration of a single dose of 9 mg.
The Expression and Significance of Thymosin β and Prothymosin α in Human Transitional Cell Carcinoma of the Bladder
Methods 1×10 6 C 6 glioma cells with high-flow microinfusion were seeded into right caudate putamen of all rats with stereotactic technique. TFO was used in situ with stereotactic technique at day 8 after glioma cell inoculation. The treated groupsⅠandⅡwere treated with 1.5mg/20μl and 3.0mg/20μl TFO 3 times at days 8,11 and 14 after cell inoculation, respectively
Device and system for locally delivering therapeutic agents
effective for male prostate and female bladder
the medicament for treating the icteric hepatitis has remarkable curative effect of treating the icteric hepatitis, particularly has remarkable effect of treating acute icteric hepatitis, and has quick response, safety and no toxic or side effect.
include utilizing a mean for equilibrating that concentration of an analyte or glucose between the vascular system or blood as a first fluid compartment and the other tissue of the sample area as a second fluid compartment
Studies On Toughing PVC/ELVALOY Blends
Methods Sixty healthy mature male mice were randomly divided into 6 groups(n=10 in each group): the control group,the model group,three groups of the anti-epileptic compound at large,medium and small doses,and the sodium valproate group.
A new technology of synthesizing isooctyl p-dimethylaminobenzoate were studied.With p-dimethylaminobcnzalolehyde as starting raw materials,isooctyl pdimethylaminobenzoate was prepared in two step: oxidation and esterification.oxidationreaction was studied mainly,and the optimum reaction conditions are as follow: reaction temperature 60 ℃;reaction time 12 h;molar ratio of P-Dimethylaminobenzalole hyde to silver nitrate 1.0:2.1;tollen reagent's pH=10.P-dimethylaminobenzoic acid of yiel...
B. medium + glutamic acid.
Objective To assess the relationship between postoperative infective complications and the different CD4 counts in patients with human immunoddficiency virus(HIV) infection.
HBV integrating into hepatocellular chromosome of the patients with chronic hepatitis B not only can lead to a result of hereditary diseases, bur also is a high risk factor for liver cancer.
hydrogenated bisphenol a epichlorohydrin epoxy resins, glycidyl methacrylate resins,
Antihistamines, which may be mentioned in connection with the invention, can be any antihistamine suitable for the treatment of allergic rhinitis and/or allergic conjunctivitis.
in a diseased heart with dissynchronous contraction, different portions of the myocardium contract at different times,
Glucose concentration is a value which is influenced by parameters such as the amount, distribution and timing of a bolus of insulin as well as by meals or physical activities of the patient.
Serum IgM level was positively correlated with the ginseng doses (r=0 93,P<0 05).
which contains a single-layer core, insoluble semi-permeable membrane, single drug-releasing eyelet on each side of the tablet, and depends on the osmotic pressure difference between inside and outside of the semi-permeable membrane medium.The invention realizes the control of linear releasing of methanesulfonic acid doxazosin by single-layer core structure, and can remain effective and steady blood and drug concentration.The curative effect is improved, the generation rate of side effect is reduced, and the productive technology is greatly simplified.
ZnO nanocrystals were synthesized by solid state reaction method at low temperature.Zinc acetate and oxalic acid were used as starting materials.
2.The number of CD4+、CD8+ and the ration (CD4+/CD8+) in the cancer nest were significantly lower than those in the stroma.
Relationship between ventricular arrhythmia and blood lipid in hypertensive patients with left ventricular hypertrophy
Further,crosslinking reaction induced by EDA was much faster than that by HDA and P,because the EDA had a linear structure and smaller size than that of the latter two,membranes modified by EDA had increased hydrophilicity and flux,however,membranes crosslinked using EDA were less stable and easily broken.
Muller WE,Seibert G,Beyer R,et al.Effect of cordyceps on nucleic acidmetabolim in L cells and on nucleic acid syn the sizing enzyme systems.Cancer Res,,:
Partial region polypeptide of REIC/DKK-3 protein
Purification of the Ninth Component of Human Complement (C9)
Methods:by using 9 fresh pig lung to do RFTA experiment with RITA radiofrequency ablation system, to observe derogation points and tissue pathology characters in different radiofrequency length (2cm、 3cm、 4cm、 5cm) temperature and power, to find the least temperature and time, the most derogation volume, the width of side-strips in the different electrode length
Rusults: Allodynia threshold and COa pain threshold on the ligated sides of group CCI and APA were lower than that of the unligated sides all the time.
This paper summarizes the development and application of Glabrous Greenbrier Rhizome in later generations.Except the treatment of venereal disease,it is also used to treat headache,arthromyodynia,stranguria,leprosy and so on.
Among a total of 372 RAPD amplification reactions, 28 reastions (7.53%) yield no ampliflcation products, and the amplification products of 21 reactions (5.64%) were difficult to interpret the presence or absence of the OPH17(1400), indicating that RAPD marker OPH17(1400) is less reproducible and reliable, so that its usage in breeding program is limited
Staging Nursing Experience of 36 Patients with Severe Cerebral Hemorrhage
As a prerequisite to clinical trials with antiangiogenic therapy, Dr. Farace and colleagues evaluated the role of endothelial cells and progenitors in pediatric cancer patients. They drew blood samples from 23 children with localized cancer, 22 with metastatic disease, and 20 healthy children.
when a homogeneous distribution of the boric acid in the material composition 1 has been achieved,
Study of Secondary Particle Characteristic of Vinyl Chloride-Vinyl Acetate Copolymer Paste Resin
One hundred SPF chickens were divided equally into 5 groups. The chickens of 3 groups(A, B, C) were infected after being immunized with infectious bursal disease(IBD) recombinant subunit double emulsion vaccine.
Ischemia-reperfusion injury is one of the major damage causes of cerebral ischemic diseases.Therefore,to clarify the pathophysiological mechanisms of development of cerebral ischemia-reperfusion injury as well as the prevention and control measure have become recent research focus.
After 4 weeks in culture, tissue were harvested, the number of motor neurons and the ultrastructure of motor neuron were observed by immunohistochemistry and electromicrography
The samples with the mycelia growth inhibition rate over 70 % were selected for further prevention effect testing in cultivated tobacco and 19 samples exhibited the prevention effect rate over 40
Results The HG group (10.76±2.41,9.51±0.94mmol/L)had a higher BG than the NBG group (8.25±1.64,7.13±0.28mmol/L)after oral glucose30,60min in30days after being treated(P<0.05).
Methods Clinical data of 17 patients who underwent reoperation after laparoscopic colorectal surgery were retrospectively analyzed.
Even though a significant amount of this dose is swallowed, it is probably absorbed in the gastro-intestinal tract, if the results obtained in DMBA-treated animals (see above) are relied upon.
Objective: To observe the clinical efficacy of TCM internal and external administration treatment of subacute thyroiditis.
Changes of the Activities of Protective Enzymes and Superoxidation of Membrane Lipid in Muskmelon Leaves During Unfolding and Contabescence;
Cloning and expression of key genes of butanol synthetic pathway in Escherichia coli
However, lower concentrations of Ge-132, especially 0.01 mmol|L, obviously promoted the mitotic activity and synthesis of DNA. Besides,the effect of Ge-132 was compared with that of Ge-gluconate and GeO_2.
human papillomavirus in synergy with~ ( 60 ) cobalt radiation promote malignant transformation of esophageal epithelial cells
The phase compositions and morphological features of the coatings were investigated pre-and post test.
(Preparation of Acrylic Polymer Syrup 1 (2EHA/NVP=86/14) as (A) Component)
A Clinical Study of the Efficacy using Xuanyunning and Sibelium in Treatment of Vertigo Caused by Vertebrobasilar Insufficiency
The results showed that the patients had lower content of total blood Zn and higher content of Cu than those of the controls ( P <0 05),the total blood Zn had positive correlation with outer blood T lymph cell CD 3,CD 4,CD 4/CD 8( P <0 05),the total blood Zn had negative correlation with outer blood T lymph cell CD 8 ( P <0 05).
About 3%-7% ovarian and breast cancer has familial history. BRCA genes (including BRCAl and BRCA2) are hereditary breast cancer and hereditary ovarian cancer susceptible genes
in which that amyloglucosidase enzyme is substantially clean of B-glucanase side activities prior to use, in a two step procedure use anion exchange followed by hydrophobic interaction chromatography, the major protein band eluting from the hydrophobic interaction chromatography column being utilise as the cleaned enzyme
Study on Resistant Physiological Mechanism of Jujube Species on Jujube Witches’ Broom
There were obvious differences between two groups (PEarly Neonate's Hydrotherapy could facilitate the defecating of foetal excrement;
the administration of these agents can be tailored to reduce or prevent postprandial glucose spikes .
Further reductions in LDL cholesterol safely produce definite further reductions in the incidence of heart attack, of revascularisation, and of ischaemic stroke, with each 1·0 mmol/L reduction reducing the annual rate of these major vascular events by just over a fifth.
From the extent of the phase difference, the quantity of immobilized magnetic particles 1401 can be estimated, and the quantity of antigen 1403 contained in the detection object can be estimated indirectly
We amplified recombinant streptokinase (rSK) gene by PCR from the chromosomal DNA of Streptococus pvogenes group A and expressed it in the expression vector pBV220, and the expressed rSK amounted to 60% of total celi protein.
In one embodiment, the first polymer is at least partially branched or crosslinked polylactic acid, or a copolymer of lactic acid with C2-27 fatty acids, C2-27 fatty alcohols, saccharides, and/or amino acids.
in particular, helicobacter pylori vector, vector plasmids and recombinant cell that include a sequence encoding a pharmacologically active molecule of interest useful in therapeutic treatments and/or vaccination against disease are provide.
Gastric secretion regulation
dynamic proteolysis
However, if this equilibrium is disturbed in favor of the osteoclasts and/or to the disadvantage of the osteoblasts, a reduction in bone mass and a negative change in bone structure and function will be the result.
in addition, that composition can be used as a method of provide hormone therapy either alone or in combination with estrogenic substances in postmenopausal women, or in women whose ovarian hormone production is otherwise compromised.
The medicinal composition analysis of the cultured tissue of Glycyrrhiza inflat Bat
R.sup.2 and R. sup.3 are each independently a hydrogen atom, alkyl, or together with the nitrogen atom to which they are attached form a 5- or 6-membered heterocyclic ring, and
Stunted embryonic development is not uncommon in clinical,while the cause is complicated;there is no usual treatment.
Simulation and Experimental Study on Nano-Lithography Depth by AFM Miro Probe
The etiological diagnosis should be evaluated in pediatric LVH patients.Methods From March 2005 to March 2008,clinical data from 27 patients(19 males and 8 females,mean age 2. 66 years)with LVH diagnosed by two-dimensional ultrasound were analyzed.
the poly ( 2-propenal , 2propenoic acid ) polymers are preferably prepared by polymerisation of acrolein preferably in aqueous solution by anionic polymerisation , followed by autoxidation .
The relationship between C677T mutation of 5,10-methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase and recurrent cerebral infarction
Microbial pathogens were the most common cause of outbreaks(56. 17%) and patients(60. 35%).Chemical agents accounted for the majority of deaths(77. 14%).
A Study on the Acute Toxicity and Mutagenicity of Nervonic Acid
Extraction, Initial Purification and Inhibitory Activity of Growth-Inhibitor Formed by Isochrysis galbana
the aqueous antimicrobial solution a-d used in these stages or stations should not slow down the line to give the aqueous antimicrobial solution a-d time to act.
low-alcohol milk beer was produced with milk as primary raw material with added sucrose and nutriments, by a mixed culture of yeast and lactobacillus
Morita therapy in a clinic for 16 neurotic patients
The charged residues and the leucine zipper structure in the transmembrane region are a potential protein interaction motif, which is very likely to mediate the participation of CD147 molecule in the generation of a signal transduction polypeptide chain or a component of a membrane transporter protein.
Arthroscopic diagnosis and treatment of posttraumatic chronic ankle pain
【Conclusion】 The results here suggested that grain sink strength and activities were the main factors responsible for starch accumulation in maize.
Effects of Accumulated Triazopnios on Ultrastructure in 4 Tissues of Charybdis japonica
Clinical studies on the weight loss and countermeasure in maxillomandibular fixation after fracture
in that peripheral circulation, atherosclerosis cause intermittent claudication and gangrene and can jeopardize limb viability.
Donors with a body mass index <35 were excluded until they had completed a successful weight loss program similar to other centers.
The ideal physician patient relationship is based on thorough knowledge of the patient, on mutual trust, and on the ability to communicate with one another
Light stimulation based retinal prosthesis repairing device and repairing method
Antennal Sensilla of Chouioia cunea Yang (Hymenoptera: Eulophidae) Observed with Scanning Electron Microscopy
The cells and known ion channel antagonist or agonist of the cells can be applied to the biosensor surface in any order or at the same time.
Cerebrospinal fluid leakage occurred in 2 patients.No other severe complications were observed.
including muscle weakness , wasting of muscles , pain ( such as facial pain or pain without apparent cause ) , electrical shock sensation , loss of awareness of location of body parts , loss of coordination ( such as in speech ) , shaking when performing fine movements , loss of ability to produce rapidly alternating movement ( e.g. , movement in a rhythm ) , and short-term or long term memory loss .
study of Cu-based catalyst for synthesis of dimethyl carbonate by oxidative carbonylation of methanol
Cardiac signal detection device
hepatic ascites relate to Pregnancy-A report of 9 cases
Acquired Gerstmann syndrome is associated with lesions in the dominant (usually left) PARIETAL LOBE which involve the angular gyrus or subjacent white matter
8. Apparatus for monitoring a fluid system of an extracorporeal blood treatment apparatus,
Result:After a single treatment of canalith repositioning procedure, the vertigo and nystagmus in 88 cases of treatment group immediately or gradually disappeared in 1~2 weeks, 18 cases improved, 16 cases got no effect. Complete remission of vertigo and nystagmus was found in(72.1%), the total improvement rate was 86.9
The preferred compositions are linear or cross linked viscosifiers which will provide clear gels.
esearch on the determination of phosphoruscontent in living rabbits by in vivo neutron acti-vation analysis(IVNAA)was carried out,andthe average value of the phosphorus percentagecontent which were measured for ten rabbitswas (1.26±0.01)%.
Multiple linear regression analysis of the X-ray measurement and WOMAC,KUJALA,MELBOURNE scores of patellofemoral pain syndrome
the medium in which the cells are processed have an ionic strength equivalent to physiological saline.
IF which inhibit serine protease activity, particularly the activity of hepatitis C virus (HCV) NS3-NS4A protease.
This may include a change in ploidy level, a change in the sequence of a particular segment of DNA, or the introduction of an exogenously supplied DNA sequence.
It is typical for the media to also contain other growth factors, such as vitamins or growth promoters, examples of which include biotin, riboflavin, thiamine, folic acid, nicotinic acid, pantothenate and pyridoxine.
This excess was attributed to the level of violence in mental health care settings in which a higher proportion of male than female workers could be found.
the ability to identify etiologic agent responsible for acute infections remain disappointingly low in many clinical situations, and that analysis of blood leukocyte transcriptional profiles has the potential to transform the diagnosis of infectious diseases.
Expression of metadherin gene in metastatic breast cancer and its clinical significance
The entire base sequence of the genomic DNA of the Escherichia coli B strain is known (GenBank accession number CP000819), and the base sequence of a gene encoding thiolase (acetyl-CoA C-acetyltransferase) of Escherichia coli (atoB) has also been reported (GenBank accession number U08465
PRELIMINARY STUDY ON TOTAL DNA MEDIATED GENE TRANSFER IN FISH
The vector has a insert fragment coding neo which was used as the selected marker, as well as the 5' and 3' untranslated region of H4-I gene flanking the neo gene in the insert . The 5' flanking region has the initiation codon ATG, as well the 3' flanking region initiates with the termination codon TGA of H4-I gene.
Observation and Nursing of Postoperative Cytomegalovirus
Results During 1982-2010,mortality for all malignant tumors combined were averagely 113. 98 per 100,000 and remarkably ascended.
The Value of Platelet Count on Tumour Diagnosis
if that numb of variables is great than an equation, the optimal metabolic flux distribution is then calculated by linear programming using specific objective function and various physicochemical equations where the flux value of a specific metabolic reaction can be limited to a specific range
Intraocular lens anterior membrane incision:inflammatory reaction in 20%,transient high intraocular pressure in 333%,anterior chamber hyphema in 46. 7%,intraocular lens injury in 333%.
The optimal reaction condition of this protease was 45 ℃ and pH 7. 0,its enzyme activity could be up to 39. 3 U/mL.
And the ovaries of the fish reared at 27 ℃ were in stage Ⅱ on pfd129.Higher water temperatures triggered rapid germ cell differentiation and seminal vesicle growth,and relatively,lower water temperatures delayed,hence,not until pfd142,the ovaries of juvenile feeding at 23 ℃ and 25 ℃ were in stageⅡ.
the present invention provide one kind of special basophile N19-2 and that microbe fermentation production process of alkaline mycose lyase by use sodium alginate and peptone as material in the presence of the special basophile N19-2 strain
immunofluorescence PCR detect method for microcystin-LR
has heat and toxic materials removing, antitussive, expectorant, and diuretic effects. is used to treat carbuncle, suppurative sore, lung abscess, cough and asthma, dysuria, and heat stranguria with pain.
Results Both before and after treatment of cognitive function,ability to change behavior comparison P<0.
This drug improves peripheral insulin sensitivity by reducing hepatic glucose production and increasing target tissue sensitivity to insulin
Effect of transurethral laser vaporization prostatectomy on high-risk benign prostatic hyperplasia
Understanding of the Evolution on Intra-abdominal Hypertension and Abdominal Compartment Syndrome
Spinal cord injury (SCI) is commonly encountered in clinical.
Conclusion he total numbers of the patients and positions examined increased gradually with year in the Sichuan Provincial People’s Hospital from 2010 to 2012. he applications of MRI in the head, limbs and joints, and sot tissues were more extensive.Children diagnosed as positive results had diseases of the central nervous system, limbs and joints, and connective tissue disease.
Research on optimization of xanthan gum fermentation medium
Methods The proliferation of HTR8-SVneo cells cultured in vitro under diverse concentrations(0,10,50,100,250 and 500 ng/mL) of leptin was tested by means of MTT.
Relation between E-CD expression and the invasion, metastasis of pancreatic cancer.
The correlation bwteen benign prostatic hyperplasia and blood fat sugar,blood and other metabolic index
Conclusions Bronchoalveolar lavage with fiberoptic bronchoscopy and routine systemic medications in the treatment of elderly patients with aspiration pneumonia can enhance treatment effect and shorten the treatment period.
Assessment of left ventricular diastolic function in patients with hypertrophic cardiomyopathy: mitral annulus velocity determined by quantitative tissue velocity imaging
The Misdiagnosis Experience of Primary Adrenal Lymphoma Report of 3 Cases
Study on the association of estrogen receptor gene polymorphism with recurrent abortion
Experimental Study on the Anti-Lung Cancer of Dendritic Cells Vaccine Loaded with Apoptotic Tumor Cells
The incidence of anemia in patients who had received chemotherapy was higher than that in patients without chemotherapy.The difference was significant(P<0.
The Influence of Insulin-like Growth Factor-1 on Premature Infants in Perinatal Period
Among those cases, the preoperative serum concentrations of MMP-9 and TIMP-1 were detected by sandwich ELISA technique in 9 cases of breast benign diseases and 29 cases of breast infiltrating carcinoma.
Results p27 mRNA-positive rates in AL group and the control group were 36. 9% and 87. 8%(P<0.01),p27 mRNA expression in peripheral blood of patients with AL loss of white blood cell count,extramedullary infiltration was negatively correlated(P<0.05).
Conclusion Thrombolytic therapy can significantly improve the prognosis of patients with their ischemic area>1/3MCA but not increase their intracranial bleeding and mortality.
The calculation of the dose in milliliters per rat weight of 200 g and mouse weight of 20 g is given in Table 2.4.
Coronary artery imaging with dual-source CT:initial experience
Such a film is made for instance in European Patent Publication No. 423,881 by orienting liquid-crystalline monomers to form a twisted structure and then fixing this structure by curing the monomers by means of, for example, UV irradiation to form a polymer network.
As, B, Ba, Be, Cd, Co, Cr. Cu, Hg, Li, Ni, Pb. Sb, Se, Sr, Tl, V, Zn have been determinated in channel samples collected at main active mines in Guizhou province.
steroid prophylaxi for prevention of nerve function impairment in leprosy: Randomised placebo controlled trial ( TRIPOD1
The present invention provides methods for identification and use of compounds that modulate the association of MUC1 with estrogen receptors and thereby antagonize MUC1-related resistance to anti-estrogen treatment.
In recent seven years,the isolation and drug resistance ratio of Pseudomonas aeruginaosa to all kinds of antibiotics were increasing year by year.The drug resistance of Pseudomonas aeruginaosa to ciprofloxacin,amikacin,ceftazidime and piperacillin were increased obviously.
Conclusions ERBD and PTCD are both the effective treatments for MOJ as minimally invasive surgeries.Their therapeutic effects have their own focus and could be combined applied.
Anti-PR3 and cANCA are associated with treament of WG
As previously mentioned, the mating surface 204 had, prior to achieving the position shown in FIG. 4, been custom-configured for the femoral shaft 322 responsive to pre-operative imaging of the patient tissue to allow a single locating block 102 mating orientation relative to the femoral shaft.
Dual actions of Meis1 inhibit erythroid progenitor development and sustain general hematopoietic cell proliferation.
Application of Two-dimensional Color Doppler Flow Imaging for Diagnosis of Carotid Body Tumors
Conclusions: common serum biochemical indexes ALT, AST, Alb, Tbil, PT can reflect histological inflammatory activity, and Alb, PT allow estimation of the extend of fibrosis in chronic hepatitis.
Effect of atorvastatin on advanced glycation end-products in rats
The acetylcholinesterase histochemistry staining was used to determine the activity of acetylcholinesterase in different brain regions. Results Compared with sham-operated group, HIBD rats with the vehicle treatment displayed significant tissue losses in the hippocampus (including CA 1 neurons), cortex, and striatum, as well as severe spatial memory deficits (escape latency: 44 s vs 30 s, P<0.05, probe time: 14 s vs 40 s, P<0.01).
NOS activity in heart and brain was also lower in the middle age group than that in the young group ( P <0 05).
If a nucleic acid or protein sequence associated with an accession number is changed, the version of the sequence associated with that accession number as of Nov. 7, 2008 is intended
Results Marked effective rate is 51.61% in treat group, 22.86% in control group(P<0.01).
as a result, numerous systems have been developed for use in spinal fixation.
Tooth Whitening Continues to be a Popular Dental Request
Methods 100 patients with poorly-controlled type 2 diabetes were divided into CSII group and MSII group.CSII group applied continuous subcutaneous Humulin R,MSII group were injected Humulin R before three meals,and insulin glargine at 22:00.The dose of insulin were adjusted according to blood sugar.
The treatment of anterior chamber paracentesis for elevated intraocular pressure in scleral buckling
the Chinese medicinal material include radix ginseng, radix Salviae Miltiorrhizae, radix Codonopsis, succinum, radix Angelicae sinensis, rhizoma Chuanxiong, radix asparagi, fructus Aurantii, radix Polygalae, Cinnabaris, cortex Magnoliae officinalis, cortex moutan, calculus bovis, rhizoma Coptidis, rhizoma Pinelliae, semen Armeniacae amarum, flos Farfarae, Magnetitum, cortex Eucommiae, borneolum Syntheticum, herba Menthae, Poria, rhizoma anemarrhenae, Massa Medicata Fermentata, cortex Phellodendri, fructus Schisandrae Chinensis, semen Ziziphi Spinosae, semen Platycladi, semen Cuscutae, herba Epimedii, fructus Rosae Laevigatae, fructus Corni, semen Cassiae, caulis Spatholobi, radix rehmanniae Preparata, radix rehmanniae, rhizoma Gastrodiae, folium Mori, carapax et Plastrum Testudinis, radix Platycodonis, rhizoma Atractylodis Macrocephalae, rhizoma Atractylodis, Olibanum, rhizoma Cyperi, folium Eriobotryae, rhizoma Curculiginis, herba Leonuri, semen Celosiae, cortex Albiziae, radix Achyranthis bidentatae, placenta Hominis, depositum urinae preparatum, radix Gentianae, radix Saposhnikoviae, mirabilitum, fructus Amomi, pericarpium Citri Reticulatae viride, fructus Amomi rotundus, semen Nelumbinis, radix Scutellariae, radix Angelicae Dahuricae, arillus longan, radix Polygoni Multiflori, pericarpium Citri Reticulatae, HUANGHUA, flos Chrysanthemi, flos Lonicerae, radix Glycyrrhizae, rhizoma et radix valerianae and radix Glycyrrhizae Preparata.
include a cannula driver and a cannula for provide that infusion device with a cannula and deploying the cannula to beneath a patient's skin
(iv) loading a cation exchange column with the eluent from the anion exchange column so as to permit capture of the non-complexed botulinum toxin by the cation exchange column;
Attempt to elucidate the recent progress about teleost vitellogenins is made in this paper,including classification of different types of vitellogenins,and their respective domain structure,biochemical chracteristics,biological funtion,and metabolic pathway.Further expatiation was made upon methodologies for purification and detection of teleost vitellogeins.For short,in this review a great deal of information to understand the rapid progress about teleost vitellogenins are provided and the developmental prospects are also discussed.
In combination of reference standard sampling and calibration methods,a multi-target area calibration linear correction algorithm was proposed to correct the nonuniformity of fluorescence detection of microfluidic Polymerase Chain Reaction(PCR)system and to improve the performance of the system.
Transplantation and tracking of human-induced pluripotent stem cells in a pig model of myocardial infarction: assessment o
Hybridoma cell strain excreting monoclonal antibody (MAb) resisting rice blackstreaked dwarf virus (RBSDV) and application of MAb
In a new process for preparing triazoline thione derivatives of formula ( I ), in which R and R have the meanings given in the description, triazole derivatives of formula ( II ) are reacted with sulphur in the presence of an aprotic, polar diluting agent at temperatures from 140 DEG C-160 DEG C. the amounts of the reaction partners are selected in such a way that for each mole of triazole derivative of formula ( II ) 6-15 moles sulphur are present, air being led over the reaction mixture during the reaction.
OBJECTIVE To develop an LC-MS/MS method for determination of Rifabutin in rats plasma.
said C1-6alkyl and C1-6alkyloxy being optionally substituted with one or more halogens;
The susceptibility of some Candida isolates(especially those with dose-dependent sensitivity) should be confirmed by NCCLS M27-A2 broth microdilution method.
it has been found that if more than 21 % by weight of lead monoxide is adde to acrylic acid,
After four hours the product was cleaved off the resin and the Boc groups were removed in the same step ( dichloromethane / TFA / triisopropylsilane , 47.5: 50: 2.5 solution for one hour ) .
We characterized alcohol dehydrogenase from Rhodococcus erytropolis to catalyze ketoesters or ketones.
Loss of expression of fragile histidine triad and its significance in bladder cancer
ASDs include autistic disorder, pervasive developmental disorder not otherwise specified (PDD-NOS, including atypical autism), and Asperger syndrome.
The incidence of young women with lung cancer increased yearly,mainly in adenocarcinoma(65% at present).The results were consistent with previous studies.
[Methods]The 80 patients of type 2 diabetes with insulin resistance were randomized into the control group(treatment of topiramate glibenclamide ketone)and observation group(Chinese medicine syndrome differentiation treatment).
the free health-care initiative had significantly reduced child mortality and increased access to maternal health services.
Objective:To investigate whether ghrelin administration could inhibit cardiac neural remodeling and sympathetic hyperinnervation after myocardial infarction(MI).
it is meant that one or more hydrogens are replaced with one or more substituent groups, such as hydroxyl, (C1-C4)alkoxy, thiol, amino, (C1-C4)alkylamino, and di(C1-C4)alkylamino.
Thereby, the right shoulder of the patient 310 is also moved to the right such that a collision between the X-ray detector 315 and the shoulder can be avoided.
the resultant polymer aft that in vivo polymerization of the macromer is an elastic gel that is biodegradable
Biomechanics Analysis of the Motions Tending to the Injury of Anertior Cruciate Ligament
The herba rhodiolae low-irritation skincare fancy soap disclosed by the invention has the advantages of delicate and stable foam, mild properties and low irritation to skin, and particularly by adding the herba rhodiolae extract, the skin can be moisturized and protected better.
Study on Influencing Factors of Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver in Obesity Children
The sequences of ITS region (including ITS l, 5.8S rDNA and ITS 2) of nuclear ribosomal DNA from 8 species of genus Dianthus wildly distributed in Xinjiang were determined by direct sequencing of PCR products.
The kit comprises a reagent, by which the methylation state of a CpG island that is a gene starting region in a spectrin of a human embryonic can be detected.
Research progress of molecular markers in the adjuvant chemotherapy of non small cell lung cancer
it is possible to slowly thaw frozen breast milk with a minimized likelihood of destroying its nutrients and preserve the milk for a prolonged period of time in preparation for nighttime feeding of the same.
Determination of Catalase Activity in Culture Medium of Ginseng Cells
Recent studies have confirmed that persistent inflammation can lead to tumor,continuous over expression of miR-155 not only leads to persistent inflammation,but also promotes tumorigenesis;at the same time,the tumor suppressor role of miR-155 has also been reported.
Expression of DNA excision repair enzymes and lung cancer prognosis
it also relates to the antigen which binds to the monoclonal antibody and uses for the monoclonal antibody and antigen in diagnosing and treating or preventing nematode infection.
Study on Cleaner Production/ Process Optimization & Control for De-Adsorption Column at Urea Unit
INFLUENCE OF HCN CHANNEL IN GLOBUS PALLIDUS ON SPASTICITY OF PARKINSON DISEASE
Clinical Study of Qing Run Mixture Applying after Operation of Downward Flow Damp-heat Blend Piles
DECOMPOSITION MECHANISMS OF 4-CHLOROPHENOL BY FENTON OXIDATION
compounds of Formula ( I ) or a pharmaceutically acceptable salt thereof , are of use in the prophylaxis or therapy in a human , or other mammal , by inhibition of the synthesis of the COX-2 enzyme .
the thin absorbent bodies, which are common in for example baby diapers and incontinence guards, often comprise a compressed mixed or layered structure of cellulosic fluff pulp and superabsorbent polymers.
Two winter wheat cultivars with different drought tolerance were selected to investigate the effects of source-sink regulation on the vegetative organs water soluble carbohydrates(WSC) content and 1000-grain mass(TGM) of wheat under drought stress(DS) and well watered(WW) conditions.
Sequence Analysis and Prokaryotic Expression of the H and N Gene of Canine Distemper Virus Lederle Strain;
it also causes hepatic failure in humans ,
Results Taking the 165 mAs group as the standard, 90 mAs, 30 mAs scan had little influence on the image structure definition of the stomach or colon wall, stomach mucosa or colon ligament, the outer or inner cavity interface, the space outside the cavity, hardly influenced doctor to view and made correct diagnosis;
Photoacoustic molecular imaging has been widely used in animal experiments,achieving many promising results.
Porcine reproductive and respiratory syndrome(PRRS) is one of the most significant infectious diseases which causing huge losses to swine industry every year.
include those in which that molecule contain either amide, ether or ester linkages such as octyl phenoxy ethoxy ethyl dimethyl benzyl ammonium chloride, n- -pyridinium chloride, and the like
Each LWTS employs a multi-stage filtering system that reduces disease by removing waterborne pathogens, which can cause diarrhea, dysentery, cholera and hepatitis.
in addition, that concentrate will still contain the inorganic salt byproduct from the cellulose ether reaction, thereby require further processing of this stream in ord to recover a pure cellulose ether product.
Method: 47 cases of patients with hypertension of pregnancy who were received and cured in our hospital from April 2010 to May 2011 were selected and 48 cases of pregnant women who were diagnosed as normal in the antenatal examination in the same period in our hospital were randomly chosen as the control group.
Methods: The clinical common to see red millet papulosis on the skin of healing around ten days, to observe the effect of topical calamine lotion closely
which are administered and extracted from patients by all kinds of pumping systems.
The adsorption capacity was 205. 1g/1 000 g adsorbent at 80 ℃,inlet ethanol concentration 94. 5%(volume fraction),the size of adsorbent 245~350 μm,the bed depth 700 mm and vapor superficial velocity 3 mL/min.
Calcium ion selective electrode modified with β-cyclodextrin crosslinking polymer indusion complexe
skin external preparation comprise local anesthetic, urea, refreshing agent, low alcohol and water for that treatment of allergic pruritus
In the arcuate nucleus(Arc), where the dynorphin gene(Dyn) is expressed in Kiss1 neurons, Einhibits the expression of Kiss1 mRNA.However, Einduces the expression of Kiss1 in the anterovent
Fluid is capable of passing through the filtration medium 25, while affinity particles are substantially incapable of passing through the filtration medium 25.
RESULTS:The expression of JAM-1 and occludin was found in cultured human corneal epithelial cells.
Diagnostic Value of Two-dimensional and Color Doppler Ultrasonography in Acute Phases of Subacute Thyroiditis
Matrix embedded porcine aortic endothelial cells and human aortic endothelial cells exhibited significantly lower expression levels of costimulatory and adhesion molecules on activated endothelial cells.
Objective To investigate the clinical effects of Runfeihuotanningsou decoction on chronic bronchitis(CB).
serum bilirubin
Keywords capillary electrochromatography;relaxation theory;peak broadening;neutral solute;
Until 1976 penicillin was the drug of choice for the treatment of gonorrhea, because this antibiotic at a sufficient dosage always reliably cured the disease
ANALYSIS THE RESULT FROM SMEAR AND BACTERIAL CULTURE
According to the invention, the beneficial effects are as follows: the molecular specificity labeling primer is capable of quickly performing molecular identification on the European boletus sibling species B.appendiculatus and B.subappendiculatus; and the method is simple, fast and precise, and is an effective assistance for distinguishing two species of the boletus according to morphological characteristics.
Preferably, the receiving pocket is pre-filled with either the molecular separation medium or an electrolytic buffer.
family of DNA-binding transcription factors that contain a basic HELIX-LOOP-HELIX MOTIF.
Pediatric primary gastrointestinal non-hodgkin lymphoma (A clinical report of 12 cases and literature review
in general, N. sativa extract help stimulate bone marrow cells, activate immune competent cells in humans, protects that normal cell from cytopathic effects of virus e. g vesicular stomatitis virus ( VSV), destroys tumor cells and increases antibody producing B cells
Biological characteristics of InGaAsP semiconductor laser and the treatment for 73 cases of artery blood-supply deficiency of vertebra basis
Doppler Left Ventricular Performance Changes During Episode of Angina Pectoris Induced by Esophageal Pacing
Synthesis of capric glycerides by immobilized Candida sp. and its product distribution
Conclusion Allo-HSCT with cyclophosphamide as conditioning regimens is a method for curing the patient with SAA.
However, the rate of metabolism in each respective cell is very often increased or decreased by the controlling action of hormones secreted by endocrine glands in different parts of the body.
Cases of Dengue Fever Multiply in Southern Taiwan
It causes the decreasing of water and nitrogen use efficiency
seed culture and fermentation.
To investigate the impacts of mouse embryonic stem cells on mouse melanoma B16 cells in vitro co-cultured environment.
Wherein, it comprises that extracting the traditional animal medicine that accelerates the growth of genital system into fine powder, adding 1 deal white copperas, 50 deals vitamin, and 500 deals fine powder, to be mixed into agent.
Study on the Epidemiological Efficacy of Vaccines Against Hemorrhagic fever with renal syndrome
it can be use for dry eye patients by significantly improve that tear volume,
Objective: To investigate the treatment effects of integrated traditional Chinese and weste rn medicine(TCM WM) on lung fibrosis in recovery stage in patients with severe a cute respiratory syndrome(SARS).
establishing a dynamic community of microorganisms in a reactor, the microorganisms being obtained from an existing, viable community established in a liquid containing MWF;
it would be highly desirable to have a miniaturized fluorescence detection system that would permit a diabetic patient to monitor his or her own glucose levels.
Correlation between Alexithymia and Empathic Deficits of Schizophrenia
where R2 is a C2-8 linear or branched alkyl,
Results] The PaO2 of lavage group(11.05±0.62 kPa) was higher than that of control group after two weeks(8.74±1.06 kPa, P <0.01); the inflammation signs of chest film were less than the latter; the patients of decannulation in a month: lavage group 19 cases, control group 11 cases(χ2= 5.33, P <0.05
HYPERNATREMIA IN SEVERE BURNS: A CLINICAL ANALYSIS OF 40 CASES
Correlation analysis indicated that, nitrogen and potassium uptake of early rice had a positively significant correlation (P<0.05) with yield of early rice, and nitrogen uptake of double-cropping rice had a significantly positive correlation (P<0.05) with yield of double-cropping rice.
some factor enhanced fast-multiplication of daphne odora thunb. in vitro
Results The data in the diagnosis of acute thrombosis in 38 cases,1 case of misdiagnosis,diagnosis rate of 97. 44%,In which 37 patients with unilateral thrombosis,1 case of thrombosis of both lower extremities;left lower extremity venous thrombosis in 27 cases,10 cases of right lower limb thrombosis.
Results Eighty rodents were captured using the TBS technology, including 23 Anourosorex squamipes and 57 rodents such as Apodemus agrarius and Micromys minutus.The resulting rodent control effect was up to 61. 3%, and the wheat yield increased by 11. 7% as compared to the control farmland.
at least one unsaturated thermoplastic elastomer soluble in the reactive ester; at least one di- or tri-functional acrylate or methacrylate monomer.
Methods:The C18 column was used.The mobile phases consisted of methanol and water(13:7),the detection wavelength was at 250nm.
Results Except 6 cases were suffered with distal skin flap necrosis,others were well developed.
Conclusion:The concentration of serum sulfatide was increased in patients with coronary heart disease and was related to the stability of atherosclerosis plaques.Serum sulfatide level perhaps had potential indication in diagnosing and treating coronary artery diseases.
The plasma insulin of the high salt control group was higher than others (P<0. 05 ) . The insulin sensitive index of high salt control group was lower than others (P<0. 05) .
The paper discusses the mechanism of acupuncture treatment of obesity based on the traditional Chinese medicine
the present invention disclose partially fluorinated ico) polymer containing sulfonic acid or sulfonate salt groups, processes for make those polymers, and intermediates for those ico) polymers
2.In inspiration, the pressure drop of the anterior part in the nasal airway is 77±64Pa accounting approximately 58.78% of the tatal pressure drop in the whole nasal airway which is 131±91Pa.
Interventional Therapy of Residual Shunts after Surgery Repair of Congenital Heart Disease
The capability to adequately display visual information for viewing is an important factor for relief for the anxious or claustrophobic patient
Dehydration of sorbitol to isosorbide on various solid acids was investigated to improve isosorbide yield
Couclusion The prediction should pay attention to the fallopian tube factors especially the hydrosalpinx on pregnancy outcome in IVF-ET.
MR Features of Normal Sinus of Valsalva and Diagnosis of Its Aneurysm
The number average molecular weight (Mn) of the liquid low-molecular-weight ethylenic copolymer determined by gel permeation chromatography (GPC) is 150 to 5,000, preferably 200 to 4,500, especially preferably 450 to 4,000
the animal erythrocyte would continuously been taken liquid bath proces after take fixation process, controlling temperature to make that erythrocyte characteristics alt to stable stage, and adjusting the volume of the erythrocyte to the cell simulacra volume request.
The Interactions Between the Stimulatory Effect of Follicle-Stimulating Hormone and the Inhibitory Effect of Estrogen on Mouse Primordial Folliculogenesis.
Effect and Mechanism of α_1-adrenoceptor Blocker Combined with Antibiotics for Chronic Prostatitis
Objectives: To study the effect of Integripetal rhodiola herb (IRH) on TGF-β_1 mRNA express, evaluate the inhibitory effect of IRH on pulmonary fibrosis and the mechanism. Materials and Methods: Thirty SD rats were divided randomly into fibrosis, control and treatment groups
MRI Study of Intraspinal Capillary Hemangioma
Methods Eighteen 15 week old male SHRs were divided into three groups ( n = 6, each), enalapril (20 mg·kg-1 ·d-1 ), valsartan (30 mg·kg-1 ·d-1 ) or equal volume of distilled water were adminstered respectively for 4 weeks by gavage.
it mean inwardly of that vaginal orifice.
As contamination was confirmed around the side of the nose, a further measurement was conducted by examining a mucous membrane from the nasal cavity with a cotton-tipped swab, resulting in no detection of contamination.
Perioperative management of the patient with chronic renal failure
Modified immune network: immune feature map network
the purification and growth analysis of that yeast for enhancing soy sauce flavour
For example, assembling and expressing multiple copies of a desired DNA fragment in an easily cleavable manner can be a laborious and costly process.
Microbial Growth Promotion Evaluation of Tryptic Soybean Medium and Modified Matin Medium
such as can be obtain in a manner known per se by react low or high molecular weight polyhydroxyl compounds with excess amounts of that previously mentioned di- and polyisocyanate or even with a large excess of the di- and polyisocyanates mentioned followed by removal of the excess polyisocyanate, e. g. by thin layer distillation
heteroaryl for that purpose of the present invention embraces substitute or unsubstituted, heteroaromatic, monocyclic or polycyclic groups, preferably the groups pyridyl, quinolinyl, acridinyl, pyridazinyl, pyrimidinyl, pyrazinyl, pyrrolyl, imidazolyl, pyrazolyl, indolyl, purinyl, indazolyl, benzotriazolyl, 1, 2, 3-triazolyl, 1, 3, 4-triazolyl, and carbazolyl, which when substitute can carry generally 1, 2 or 3 substituents
The levels of whole blood viscosity with high shear and low shear were measured by automatic blood viscometer.Level of serum triglyceride was measured by automatic biochemistry analyzer.
If less PI3K is present in the aliquot incubated with the compound, this means preferably that the compound has competed with the inhibitor for the interaction with the enzyme and is, therefore, a direct target of the protein and vice versa
high-titer human tetanus immunological blood plasma and preparation proces thereof
Effect of BUN,Cr and Its Related Factors on the Prognosis in Patients with Cerebral Hemorrhage
Therapeutic Effect of Dang-Fei-Li-Gan-Ning Capsule Combined with Lifestyle Intervention in Treatment of Non-alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease
The best proportion of the preservation solution was 0. 060 g·kg-1 potassium sorbate,0.4 g·kg-1 Nisin and the pH≤4.5. Under this condition,the chilled instant sharkskin has got the best preservation effect,which can be stored in the condition at 0℃~4℃ for 60 days.
Conclusions Nested PCR/RFLP is rapid, simple and convenient to detect the polymorphism of Pfcrt gene 76 codon, but it is necessary to evaluate further the prediction for chloroquine reaction according to the polymorphism.
Humans acquire vitamin D from dietary sources and from the UV light-dependent conversion of 7-dehydroxcholesterol to vitamin D3.
in another particular embodiment the polyimide sulfone is a polyetherimide sulfone and r also contains aryl sulfone and / or aryl ether linkages such that at least 50 mole % of the repeat units of any polyetherimide sulfone contain at least one aryl ether linkage, at least one aryl sulfone linkage and at least two aryl imide linkages.
The results showed that the field strain HQ-b can not be adapted to grow in CEF,CEK,CELi,DF-1 and Vero cell lines.Cell-adapted virus strain HQ can be adapted to above cells except for Vero cell line.TCID50 titers in cultured cells were stable in different lot.
In another embodiment of the present invention, one or more antigenic proteins of interest are synthesized in cell lines modified by the introduction of recombinant expression systems that encode such antigens, and such cells are used to prepare the proteins.
Effects of constant illumination or pinealectomy on the sensitivity to melatonin of hamster suprachiasmatic nucleus neurons
Results: MMP-2 were largely located in the plasma of hepatocarcinoma cells of p21HBsAg/HBsAg transgenic mice, but not expressed in the liver of p21HBsAg/HBsAg transgenic mice and wild mice.
27 . the method of claim 26 , wherein the albumin to the colchicine or thiocolchicine dimer ratio is less than about 18 : 1 .
Diagnosis and treatment of cardiopathy of pregnancy-induced hypertension
The cationic polymer polyethylenimine (polyethyleneimine, PEI) and its derivatives have been widely explored in gene delivery research [1-5].
Comparative Study of Bone Mineral Density in Different Region of Rat After Ovariectomy by Dual-Energy X-ray Absorptiometry(DEXA)
CSFV could replicate and proliferate in multiple animals'tissue cells, but not cause the cytopathic effect (CPE) in general condition
Methods:Rat nucleus accumbens slices were prepared.The EPSCs were investigated us ing whole-cell patch-clamp recording in medium spiny neurons.
The Chinese medicinal preparation has the effects of removing dampness and clearing away heat, soothing the liver and regulating the flow of qi, and promoting blood circulation by removing blood stasis, inhibits the occurrence of complication, achieves the effect of addressing both the symptoms and root causes, and has no side effect.
The toxicity of F in Antarctic krill was therefore lower than an equivalent amount of F in NaF,but it was still toxic to rats consuming large amounts of krill.The findings of this study highlight the need for further investigations into the human consumption of krill.
Role of Toll-like receptor 4 in the maturation of dendritic cells pulsed with HSP70_(EC-TCV) from elemene combo tumor cell vaccine
Diagnosis and treatment of huge cystic and solid tumor of pancreas
The present invention provides methods of inducing cardiomyogenesis and/or expansion of cardiac progenitors in a population of stem cells or progenitor cells.
The Study of Oxidative Stress Level in Hypertension Population
Under the above conditions,the average degree of substitution and yield of cellulose triacetate were 2. 95and 96. 9%,respectively.The average degree of polymerization is more than 160. Otherwise,the usage of antioxidant improved the color of the product.
Any of a wide range of such control sequences can be used including, for example, those from the lipoprotein gene, the.beta.-galactosidase gene, the tryptophan gene, the.beta.-lactamase gene, phage lambda, and the like.
The modified activated carbons were characterized by means of the physical adsorption of N2 at 77 K, TPD and Boehm titration
The method may detect the presence or absence of juxtaposed sites, or a chromosome conformation caused by such juxtaposition, at one or more locations in the gene.
All together, 11 of 95 patients(12%) died of cardiac-related reasons. In the group of patients presenting with all clinical VTs acutely abolished, no ES recurrence was documented, and cardiac mortality was significantly lower compared with the group of patients showing>/=1 clinical VT still inducible after catheter ablation.
Objective To observe the clinical efficacy and safety of cefodizime combined with Tanreqing Injection in the treatment of child pneumonia.
Study on prokaryotic expression of hepatitis C virus P7 protein
representative salts include the hydrobromide , hydrochloride , hydroiodide , sulfate , bisulfate , nitrate , acetate , trifluoroacetate , oxalate , besylate , palmitiate , pamoate , malonate , stearate , laurate , malate , borate , benzoate , lactate , phosphate , hexafluorophosphate , benzene sulfonate , tosylate , formate , citrate , maleate , fumarate , succinate , tartrate , naphthylate , mesylate , glucoheptonate , lactobionate , and laurylsulfonate salts , and the like .
STUDIES ON ESTIMATING OF FRESH LEAVES QUANTITY AND SELECTION BY PHENOTYPES FOR LEAF-UTILIZED SEABUCKTHORN
such as retinitis pigmentosa , RPE detachment , displasia , atrophy , retinopathy , macular dystrophy or degeneration , including age-related macular degeneration ,
The outer layer of the container without antiseptic will produce no mould stain normally.
The effect of said agent on each said group of one or more cells comprising said one or more different siRNAs can be enhanced as compared to the effect of said agent on a cell of said cell type which does not comprise an siRNA targeting any one of said different genes.
Applied research of orthogonal experiment method in synthesis of 3-methyl-7-diethylamino-1,4-benzoxazin-2-ketone
The data were then compared between two periods, 1994.1 tol996.12 and 2001.1 to2003.12, and different phases of age.
At the same time, the muscle of the bladder wall contracts (squeezes) and forces the urine out of the bladder.
Transgenic poplar lines were tested for resistance to the fungal pathogen Cytospora chrysosperma crude extracts from the transformants showed in vitro inhibitory activity against the fungal pathogen.
The established RT-PCR was specific,sensitive,efficient and rapid for the detection,monitoring and epidemiological investigation of BVDV infection.
the solid dispersion provide by that invention obviously improves the dissolution rate in vitro of the active ingredient and greatly improve the active ingredient absorbability of mammals, thus effectively reducing the use dosage of the solid dispersion
A Study on Prevention of Diarrheal Diseases and Improvement of Case Management in Children of Hunan Province
Accordingly, the use of the term antagonist refers to any agent capable of inhibiting the transcriptional activity of PPAR transcription factors.
The dynamic change and significance of serum neopterin level in the bone transplantation
Clinical observation of propofor induction by tracheal intubation
The two results were coincident ;results gained by appling hidden Markov model to study factors influencing the various stages of type 2 diabetes mellitus were stable.
Study on Preparation and Ultrasonic Degradation Performance of SrTiO3 Powders
lauroyl glycine
A Study on Mathematical Model of Effects of Applying Multipurpose-Zole in Young Panicle Differentiation Stage For Hynrid Seed Reproduction
Observation on H.pylori Infected Gastric Mucosa of Patients with Gastric Adenocarcinoma by Electron Microscopy
Characteristics of the pacemaker current in cultured interstitial cells of Cajal from murine stomach and small intestine
One of the two genes is Yr9 which is allelic or close linkage respectively with Yr10 and Yr24. The other gene to CY 17 is probably located on chromosome 3B. More studies are required to understand whether it is different or not between the other unknown gene to CY26 and Su-1 in Lovrin 13.
the amino acid 2 through 18 of that gluconate: NADP. sup. + -5-oxidoreductase were determined by Edman sequence ( see the listing A of the FIGURE ).
Application of Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging in the Treatment of Space-occupying Lesions in Cerebral Cortex Functional Areas
Studies on the Specificity of Aphid Transmission Following Double Infection by GPV and GAV of BYDV
Objective To evaluate the short-term effect of intravenous amiodarone on rapid ventricular rate in patients with atrial fibrillation(AF) and congestive heart failure(CHF
once transfected with the selected material,
By constructing pcDNA3.1-Jun-MS2-48X vector which contained the Jun cDNA and 48 repeats of MS2 binding sites,the Jun mRNA could be fluorescently labeled and visualized by the interaction of GFP-MS2 fusion protein with the stem loop structure of the JunMS2-48X transcripts.
The obtained recombinant vector, named pGEM mimic, can be used as a common competitor for either b3a2 or b2a2 type of bcr abl cDNA.
further suitable embodiments of component ( d ) include vinyl, allyl and / or methallyl ethers, styrene, vinyl toluene and / or divinylbenzene.
The cells may be in culture or otherwise isolated from a mammal (i.e., in vitro or ex vivo), or may be in vivo, e.g., in a mammal (e.g.such as a SCID mouse model as described by Mercer, et al. (2001) Nature Medicine.7(8): 927-933), in a primate, or in man.
cynomolgus macaques ( macaca fascicularis ) were infected with influenza virus h5n1,
the present invention relates to internal defibrillators and their means for delivering electrical energy to a patient during surgery.
Defecation of group A was significant increased ( P < 0.01
After administering of strains 187 to the Culex fatigans larvae, The histopathological changes were observed with light microscope.
the present invention relate to a kind o dry Sparxacin suspension agent for resisting bacterial infection and its preparation proces. that dry Sparxacin suspension agent is prepared with Sparxacin as active component and through adding stuffing, adsorbent, flow assistant, suspend agent, corrective, surfactant and lubricant. it has high Sparxacin digesting rate and is favorable to taking by old patient and patient with dysphagia
Studies on the Targeting Antitumor Effects of 5-FU-galactoside
The invention relates to the technical field of identification of animal species and animal derived components, specifically relates to a detection method for detecting domestic francolin (rock partridge)-derived components, and in particular relates to a pair of primers for detecting a cell mitochondria nucleotide sequence of the domestic francolin (rock partridge).
Results:The optimum extraction method of Lithospermum in compound seabuckthorn oil gel was as follow:95% ethanol was used for extract solvent;the ratio of solid to liquid was 1:10;the extraction time was 1. 5 hours;extraction times was 2 times.
Results:The effective rate of analgesia in the observation group was significantly higher than that in the control group(P<0.01).
The metalloporphyrin TPP-Ag was synthesized according to previous procedure and characterized with FTIR,UV-visible,and elementary analysis.By means of intercalation chemistry,the TPP-Ag chromophore was assembled into DTZrP successfully.The optical behavior of the chromophore takes on evident change.The Soret absorption peak is red-shifted from 421 nm in the aqueous solution to 429 nm in the suspension.
Objective To approach ginkgo leaf extract and dipyridamole injection of maintenance hemodialysis patients with microinflammation.
Progress in Functional Gene Cloning of Camellia sinensis
is useful as an immunosuppressive, antiinflammatory, antifungal, antiproliferative, and antitumor agent.
Finally it implements two experimental scenes: scene one implements the effects of large scale blood flow in pulmonary artery; scene two implements vessel wall deformation and segmentation under user interaction and implements by triggering events vessel wall wounding and blooding effects.
The best comprehensive performance substrate formula of three cultivation tests was treatment 1:bacteria bract 60% + livestock and poultry dropping 30%+ peat 10%+ zymocyte 1.
Dermatological test on sensitive skin-To further characterize the sensitizing properties of the LIP cream an irritation patch test was carried out on 50 healthy volunteers with sensitive skin.
the additional operation and prolongation of hospital stay is an additional economic burden .
Inhibition Effect of Recombination Interferon α 2a and α 2b on Tumor Cells Growth
The primary conidia from media are spherical, 26.4-49.6μm in diameter, average 37.8μm.
the seven red Cros organizations that came to assist in 2000 sig bilateral agreements with that Mozambique red Cross and stayed on to help with rehabilitation
After washing away unbound substances, an enzyme-linked polyclonal antibody specific for HGF is added to the wells.
Close and Warm Needling plus Pricking-cupping therapy for Treating Knee Osteoarthritis
inhibition can be assess using method described herein, for example, 3H-thymidine incorporation, visual inspection of that area affected by the hyperproliferative skin disorder, histologic, cytologic, histochemical, or biochemical analysis or a sample taken from the affected area, or other method known in the art.
Therapeutic effects of cyclosporine A on the rejection of xenogenic hepatocyte transplantation
STUDY OF POLYSILICONE MODIFIED ACRYLIC PAINT
the active compound is mix under sterile condition with a pharmaceutically acceptable carrier and any needed preservatives, buffer or propellants which can be required.
A preparation method for the trifluoromethyl amine shown as a formula I comprises the following step of subjecting the trifluoromethyl aldimine compound shown as the formula V to a hydrolysis reaction under an acid condition.
Insulin- and obesity-related variables in early-stage breast cancer: correlations and time course of prognostic associations.
Methods The hearing screen was conducted in the high-risk neonates of NICU using the distortion products otoacoustic emissions (DPOAE). Cases without passing the screen was given the screen again
a single allele for each locus is inherited separately from each parent .
The activation of immune responses through Toll-like receptor (TLR) ? interleukin 1receptor (IL-1R) signalling is critical for host defence.
He died of complications from a heart attack
Relationship between pulmonary artery pressure and structure of pulmonary artery in puppies with pulmonary artery hypertension
Conclusion: According to the domestic evidence,VEGF-D may be participated the whole course of lymph node metastasis of breast cancer,It may be an absolute factor for estimating the survival rate of the patients with breast cancer.
the lactate concentration in the blood of the fetus has been measured in the past to control that the fetus does not suffer from oxygen deficiency.
Cloning and expression analysis of WRKY8 gene in Nicotiana tabacum
In control group ES cell -like colonies were harvested from 9 blastocysts, in which 5 ES cell-like colonies could be passaged successfully.
Objective To investigate the feasibility of applying urinary albumin to creatinine ratio (ACR) test on the first-morning urine sample to diagnose early diabetic nephropathy (DN) in outpatient with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T 2DM), and to analyse the effect of intervention for these subjects
it is use as a thin barrier in plant hormone experiment.
Conclusion Bio-feedback technique can improve the rehabilitation result of stroke patients with dysphagia and cognitive abnormality.
103. the national action plan to combat sexual abuse of children (naps) was a followup to the 1999 memorandum "suppression of sexual abuse of and sexual violence against children (aanpak seksueel misbruik van en seksueel geweld tegen kinderen) and contained details of current and planned measures.
The results of similarity calculation showed no difference between column A and column B(P>0.
typical proteins that are avoided are those found in serum and serum derived substances, such as albumin, transferrin, insulin and other growth factors.
Therapeutic value of fosinopril in heart failure
Objective To observe under general anesthesia high frequency electric knife application unipolar tonsils removed clinical curative effect.
Stage Ⅱwas mixotrophic stage ranged from 3 to 5 d,the mouth and anus opened,the digestive tract ran through and the larvae began to feed.
Identification and Function Analysis of Salivary Enzymes of Bemisia Tabaci Biotype B (Homoptera: Aleyrodidae) and Trialeurodes Vaporariorum (Homoptera: Aleyrodidae)
Objective To explore the effect of cryo /cuff system on swelling pains from lower limbs fracture.
Methods Six Class II malocclusion patients(2.male and 4 female),the age range of the patients was from 11.5 and 13 years old,they are treated by modified keles slider combined straight wire appliance and non extracts.
The results showed that the average migration length of the DNA increased in each concentration group that was treated by both Cu and Pb.The significant differences appeared as compared with the negative control group (P<0.05).
the nucleic acid molecules of the present invention can be rna,
Curcumin induced G2/M phase cell-cycle arrest in CR cells by enhancing the p53 phosphorylation and apoptosis through the activation of caspase-3 followed by PARP degradation.
THP of 2.50 mg·kg -1 and 5.00 mg·kg -1 administered prior to the testing reduced the expression of morphine-induced CPP significantly (P<0.05) and chronic administration of these agents both accelerated the extinguishment of morphine-induced CPP obviously
characterized by comprising the following steps: taking trichloromethane as a solvent, taking partly acrylic acidified or partly methacrylic acidified polyol or polyatomic phenol as a reaction medium
Involvement of P2Y2 receptor and mechanical stress-activated calcium influx (MSACI) in the activation of ERK 1/2 and p38 MAPKs by ATP in osteoblasts.
Tobacco leaf samples were extracted with acetonitrile and cleaned-up by SPE-PSA,then detected by GC-MS/SIM with external standard method.
Argentum Sulfuricum (1M) was prescribed as the patient presented the following basic ideals-values, according to the principles of Cognitive Homeopathy:
An outlet 16 at housing 6 is connected to a catheter 18, which routes the liquid medicament from reservoir 10 to a vein 20 of patient 4
Changes of Serum Levels of T_4, T_3 and TSH in TRH Stimulation Test among Normal Adults
With lymph node metastasis,VEGF-C and VEGFR-3 expression was significantly correlated( P = 0. 022).
16S rDNA and PCR-TGGE molecular biology methods are applied to investigate biodiversity and microbial community structure in the TISTD reactor.The biodiversity and microbial community structure of different chambers of the reactor at different stages are obtained.
Conclusion The CSF levels of sIL--2R may be helpful to distinguish TBM from PM and VM
Infection distribution and drug resistance of 338 strains of baumanii
The crosslinking temperature range of the polyurethane,namely optimal poling temperature range,is from 85℃to 122℃.
is use as a sensitive control for most experiments.
in addition, that C-terminal cysteine on the light chain may be replace with serine or another amino acid to eliminate the interchain disulfide bond between the heavy and light chains accord to the present invention
The mixture is characterized by the total phosphorus content, which is given as a percentage relative to pure orthophosphoric acid, H3PO4
Study on the Correlation between Metabolic Syndrome and Male Erectile Dysfunction
LOWER EYELID BLEPHAROPLASTY WITH FIXATION OF ORBITAL SEPTUM AND SUSPENSION OF ORBICULARIS OCULI MUSCLE
Study on the Smale horseshoe of cellular neural networks
it has been found that that compound of general formula ( I ) are selective monoamine oxidase B inhibitors and they are therefore useful in the treatment of disease mediated by monoamine oxidase B inhibitors, for example for the treatment of Alzheimer's disease or senile dementia.
The application of spiral CT for the diagnosis and treatment of pulmonary embolism
Use of custom-made transfer coping for peri-implant soft tissue management in maxillary implant esthetic restoration
The substance may be an ink, an electrically conductive material, a magnetic material, a carrier for a therapeutic, diagnostic, or marking substance other than an ink, a carrier or any other substance.
Objective To construct the prokaryotic expression vector pET28-X21ex of cuticle collagen gene X21and induce it to express collagen.
It has unexpectedly been found that the processes of the invention are catalyzed by phase transfer catalysts, e.g., quaternary ammonium salts (R.sub.4 N.sup.+ X.sup.-) that are soluble in aqueous or polar solvents, and are also slightly soluble in nonpolar, e.g., hydrocarbon or organic solvents
without being bound by theory, these treatment and use regimens have been developed based in part on an analysis of campath-1 h pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamics in patients enrolled in the camms223 clinical trial.
Changes of pHs and H2S concentrations were monitored during 18 experimental days.The results showed that at the beginning of the experiments,the pH of fermentation system changed little with the addition of hematite,while much with the addition of MgO.After the experiments,it was discovered that both hematite and MgO suppressed the pH decrease and H2S production.
Sixty-five of the 68 patients(95. 6%) were cured and 3(4. 4%)died(1 died of infection caused by toxic shock,1 died of multiple organ failure and 1 died of serious fluid and electrolyte disturbances).
suitable organic hydroxylate amine useful in that compositions of this invention include, but are not limit to hydroxylamine, monoethanolamine, diethanolamone, triethanolamine, and particularly 2-aminoethanol, 1-amino-2-propanol, 1-amino-3-propanol, 2- ( 2-aminoethoxy ) ethanol, diethanolamine, 2- ( 2-aminoethylamino ) ethanol, 2- ( 2-aminoethylamino ) ethylamine and the like, and mixtures thereof.
Keywords Continuous high volume hemofiltration; Acute respiratory distress syndrome; Thoracic fluid content
The obvious expressive difference between MyoD1 and myogenin in RMS and in the other 3 types of small cell malignant tumors can be an index that distinguishes RMS with other small cell malignant tumors
The hybrid and its backcross hybrid (F_1 and 1st~4th tetraploid backcros. hybrid♀×common carp ♂) were conducted from 1986 to 1990. Their chromosomal numbers are about 200±,and the volume of their erythrocyte nuclei is about 1.3 times as big as that of C.
Clinical pathologic characteristics of signet ring cell cancer in gastroscope biopsy;
A random peptide library with a diversity of 10 is believed to be sufficient and should yield peptides that specifically direct the virus to tumor tissue.
Expression of p16 gene in pediatric gliomas
Study on the Rehological Behavior of Alkali-Soluble Hydroxyethyl Cellulose in Complex Solvent
inhibitory effect of TNP-470 on growth of Lung cancer bone metastasis in nude mouse
this can be achieved by injecting a peripherally acting muscle relaxant directly into the appropriate muscles .
Application of DWI in the diagnosis of brain metastatic tumors
CT findings of benign metastasizing leiomyoma
False positives in newborn hearing screening
an additional object of the invention is to provide a pharmaceutical composition or a formulation of phenylephrine that can be administered on a twice-daily basis compatible with incorporation of another active ingredient such as one or more of an antihistamine , an analgesic , an anti-pyretic and an NSAID and mixtures of two or other active ingredients .
A total of 122 strains(89. 05%) were used for the production of plant-based foods,and 15(10. 95%) were for the production of foods from animal origin.These 137 strains involved with 42 species of 17 genuses.
spectral sensitizing dye
Animals of group 1 have received STIC , animals of group 2 have been untreated and have received no cell injection , while animals of group 3 have received " control cells " .
Two years ago, she ignited a worldwide discussion about options for women at high risk for breast cancer when she wrote that she had had both breasts removed because BRCA1, the same genetic mutation that prompted her surgery last week, increased her risk of breast cancer.
the agent can inhibit that hair follicle activity and control the growth of useless hair by the mild and safe approach.
sulfonyl pyrrolidone contain compound and its preparation and pharmaceutical application
Acid water and alkaline water were applied in soybean soaking for sterilization.
Changmai Yin for Patients With Abnormal Blood Rheology:Chinical Observation of 80 Cases
Analysis and Quantitative Symptom Extraction Strategy on the Vibrations of No.6 Unit in Three Gorges Left-bank Hydropower Station
Out of the 22 STS_PCR markers, only three markers gave products which did not generate polymorphic bands upon digestion with Hin fⅠ, Hha Ⅰ, Hae Ⅲ and Rsa Ⅰ, while 19 out of 22 markers (86.4%) and 46 out of 88 marker/enzyme combinations (52.3%) revealed polymorphisms
Determination of S-100ao protein in serum and its application in cardiac muscle disease
The pulmonary diffusing capacity for carbon monoxide (DLCO) was measured in 50 normal subjects, 50 patients with emphysema and 31 with asthma. The results showed that the DLCO value of the asthma group was markedly higher than that of the healthy group, while the DLCO/pr% and KCO values of the asthma group were similar to those of the healthy group
Suitable conditions for testing hybridisation involve presoaking in 5xSSC and prehybridizing for 1 hour at - 40 C in a solution of 20% formamide , 5xDenhardt 's solution , 50mM sodium phosphate , pH 6.8 , and 50mg of denatured sonicated calf thymus DNA , followed by hybridisation in the same solution supplemented with 100 mM ATP for 18 hours at 40 C , followed by three times washing of the filter in 2xSSC , 0.2% SDS at 40 C for 30 minutes ( low stringency ) , preferred at 50 C ( medium stringency ) , more preferably at 65 C ( high stringency ) , even more preferably at 75 C ( very high stringency ) .
lastly, she drew the committees attention to her state of health, enclosing with her submission a medical certificate attesting to the fact that she had numerous disorders, both physical and psychiatric, including depression, severe insomnia and suicidal tendencies.
The coordination polymer is comprised of the molecular chains of Cu(H2bttc)(H2O)3n with guest water molecules linked by intermolecular hydrogen bonds.
so that patient are early treated and cure, death is avoided,
substitute N-[ ( aminoiminomethyl or aminomethyl ) phenyl] propyl amides
Experimental Research on Nerve Graft Segment with Vascular Bundle Implantation in Repairing Peripheral Nerve Defect
Elastic waves can also be provided to a battery/reactor vessel to stimulate the interfacial processes.
Pyrogenic Effect of LPS Infusion into Veins and Liver Protein Analysis by SDS-PAGE in Rabbits
OVERGROWTH OF MESOPOROUS MCM41 ON ZEOLITE ZSM5
Immunoblot Analysis of Enrichment of Malarial Antigens from Nicotiana tabacum Extracts.
Evaluation of Serum Anti-LSP in Viral Hepatitis and some Autoimmune Diseases
The evaluation of curative effect was carried out at the ends of the 4th, the 6th and 8th weeks respectively by means of anxiety self-check table (SAS) and Hamilton anxiety table (HAMA
The underling entities included post-operation change (n=5), fat necrosis companied with stromal fibrosis(n=1), versicle hyperplasia (n=6) and inflammation (n=4), invasive ductal carcinoma(n=6), DCIS(n=2), infiltrating lobular carcinoma(n=3), mucinous carcinoma(n=2) and Paget (n=2
Thus, unequivocal differential pathological diagnosis is not possible in this case.
The enzymatic conversion starch was prepared, and the optimum preparation conditions were:36℃, pH 8. 0, reaction time 1h
It demostrates that σs(σS/σb)、δu(δ) and HV have obvious effect on HL, While ΔR has no effect on HL basically, and HL can be increased by decreasing σs(σS/σb)and HV or by increasing δu(δ).
synthesis of cross-link polystyrene iodobenzene diacetate ( CPSID) and application of conversion of tosylhydrazones to ketone with CPSID
There was significant difference in WSC content in straw among rice varieties. The fermentation quality of rice straw silage had a significant correlation to the WSC content in fresh straw
The expression of the fusion protein was confirmed,with the relative molecular weight of 64 000. The GFP-tagged BC022687 protein was mainly 1ocalized in the cytoplasm,and also presented in the centrioles in the transfected CHO cells.
The chromosome numbers of three species of Aster L. from Southern Qinghai Province, are reported here for the first time; all of them were found to be diploids with 2n= 18. Three species have the common characteristics of the resting nucleus of the complex chromcenter type and the prophase chromosome of the interstitial type. Found in three species are mainly similar median - and submedian - centromeric chro mosomes
Osteoporosis is an increasing problem worldwide, and it has been estimated by World Health Organization (WHO) that in 2050, 6 million hip fractures will occur.
wherein the amount of hydrocodone or salt thereof released from the dosage form is proportional within 20% to elapsed time from 8 to 24 hours, as measured by an in-vitro dissolution in a USP Apparatus 1 (basket) at 100 rpm in 900 ml simulated gastric fluid without enzymes (SGF) at 37.d egree. C
inheritance and correlation of root characteristic and leaf water potential in rice ( oryza sativa l. )
Immune-enhanced enteral nutrition
10 parts by weight of the micronutrient and the triazole according to the invention are dissolved in 90 parts by weight of an organic solvent, for example xylene.
in one embodiment, a vector of that invention include SEQ ID NO: 88, SEQ ID NO: 89, SEQ ID NO: 90, the complement thereof, or a sequence which has at least 80% nucleic acid sequence identity thereto and encodes a selectable and/or screenable polypeptide.
Trace proteinuria and clearance of albumin and IgG were determined in 41 patients with essential hypertension in stages Ⅱ and Ⅲ.
Although not wishing to be bound by any theory, it is believed that the solubility accelerators are dissolved or finely dispersed in the film- forming polymer of the coatings and act, during water washing of the coatings, to quickly dissolve from around the polymer chains and thereby increase the solubility rate of the resist.
The Nursing progress on the trachea humidification in trachea incision
the polymeric compositions of the present invention have the flexibility required to allow implants manufactured from the same to be folded or deformed for insertion into an eye through the smallest possible surgical incision, i. e., 3.5 mm or smaller.
THE PAP AND DOUBLE BRIDGE PAP STAINING METHODS IN APPLICATION TO THE LONG-TERM STORED PARAFFIN SECTIONS OF LYMPH NODES
the prepared solid dispersion has high hardness and good thermal stability, and can be further conveniently prepared into dispersing tablets, capsules and other formulations.
LungCancer kills almost 2x as many women as #breastcancer. @GE Healthcare 1st w/ CT lung cancer screening option [link to release
The pathologic finding indicated the increasing diameter and irregular arrangement of myocytes.The blood pressure in T group were significantly lower than those in model group(P<0.01,respectively).There are no markedly myocardial hypertrophy,and the β-MHC mRNA expression of myocardial tissue lower than that in model group(P<0.05).
As a result, the curing rate of Ent-plasmid was 46. 0% , of TC-plasmid 68. 0% and of CM-plasmid 99.0%.
Amplifing four carbapenemases genes and five broad-spectrum and exceed-broad-spectrum β-lactamases genes,blaTEM and blaCTX-M-9 group ESBLs were positive of one isolate and others were negative.
The degradation kinetics feature of lignocellulose of straw by three white rot fungi was studied,all with inoculation of 1%,at the age of 7 days and cultured in the condition of natural medium and room temperature.
Meta-survival and clinical stage Ⅲ median survival period in the elevated tumor markers group were all significantly lower than those in the normal tumor markers group(P<0.01).
Clinical significance of the electroencephalograms of 71 children with headache
Results There was statistical difference in shape, boundary, echo intensity, acoustic halo, microcalcification, cystic degeneration and blood distribution between TMC and NG (P 0. 05).
Method for preparing super absorbent resin containing plant growth hormone
The management method and device are used for displaying health state information of a patient and first biological information and second biological information of the patient, displaying a request patient to obtain the first biological information or second measuring information of the second biological information based on arrangement and displaying a measuring view for obtaining the second measuring information for the patient.
[OBJECTIVE]To construct an antisense plant vector simultaneously suppressing the transcription of Brassica napus TRANSPARENT TESTA 12 (BnTT12) gene family.[METHOD]A fragment TT12A corresponding to a specific conserved region of BnTT12 gene family was amplified by PCR and subcloned into intermediate vector pCambia2301G to form plant expression vector pCambia2301G-TT12A.[RESULTS]As proved by PCR analysis, endonuclease digestion and sequencing, the construction of pCambia2301G-TT12A was successful. The recombi...
The modified Stoppa approach was used exclusively in 10 cases,and together with posterior percutaneous sacroiliac screw fixation in 2 cases,Kocher-Langenbeck approach in 2 cases and iliac fossa approach in 1 case.
We review clinical application of indocyanine green angiography in the various eye disease
The cardioprotective action of Thiotriazolin is induced by the effect of the Thiotriazolin on the ischemic changes of bioenergy metabolism in the myocardium, as is indicated by the increase of endogenic glycogen 3.3 times for the Thiotriazolin solution for injection, and 1.7 times for the Thiotriazolin tablets, and decrease of the content of free fatty acids by 33 % and 29 %, respectively, as compared with the control animals (see Table 5).
The magnetic octahedron Fe3O4 nanocrystals were synthesized via the hydrothermal method by using ferrous sulfate(FeSO4·7H2O) and ammonia(NH3·H2O) as raw materials,and hydrazine hydrate acted as both a template and reductant.
Biomimetics, dendritic molecules, supramolecular chemistry, ecapsulation and drug delivery
The present invention provides a double stranded RNA molecule comprising an antisense strand and a sense strand, wherein the nucleotide sequence of the antisense strand is complementary to a portion of the nucleotide sequence of a Hg-rps-23 gene of a soybean cyst nematode, nucleic acid molecules encoding the RNA molecules and compositions comprising the nucleic acid molecules and RNA molecules of this invention, as well as methods of their use in enhancing resistance of a plant or plant cell to nematode infestation and infection.
in section 1 of Fig. 6, where that patient's glucose is stable, the non-invasive glucose measurement were relatively constant over the entire insertion period
Then 86 ACI patients were randomly divided into regular treatment group and atorvastatin group(43 patients in each group).
RESULTS:Real time analyses of the prescription drugs and the directly displayed analysing results by the programs served as references for the clinic.
such derivative include porphyrins with extra ring ortho-fused, or ortho-perifused, to that porphyrin nucleus, porphyrins having a replacement of one or more carbon atoms of the porphyrin re by an atom of another element ( skeletal replacement ), derivatives having a replacement of a nitrogen atom of the porphyrin ring by an atom of another element ( skeletal replacement of nitrogen ), derivatives having substituents other than hydrogen located at the peripheral ( meso-, -- )
In the early diets of GuShi chicks, levels of Val,His,Phe and Thr were a little higher than recommendations of standard of meat type chicks compiled in 1986，but levels of Gly,Ile,Ser and Cys were much higher than the recommendations,two of the other essential amino acids Arg and Lys levels were accord with the recommendations,but Met level was lower than the recommendation and higher than the recommendation of growing laying hens.
the prevalence of Depression of that elderly in Hefei City community
the observation of that morphology of the external jugular vein in children
Studies on Tudies on Anti-Tumor Activities of 9-Cisretionic Acid and Its Mechanism
head was utensil for patient staying in bed
A dynamic electrocardiogram analysis in rats with 24hours of experimental myocardial ischemia
atien Histora : a 54 yeax old ,
Early removal of the unwanted proteolytic activities was found to be crucial for further optimization of the recovery of collagenase type I protein.
Methods1 The clinical and pathological changes of 16 patients with MPA were retrospectively analyzed and summarized.
Purification and Some Properties of Neutral β Mannanase from Bacillus subtilis
Study on the dynamics of IgG antibody in 311 patients with severe acute respiratory syndrome
Electron Microscope Investigqtion of SnO_2 Gas Sensing Films Prepared by PECVD
A STUDY OF THE ROLE OF MAST CELLS DURING HEPATOCARCINOGENESIS IN RATS
Xuzhou 8785, Neimai 6 possessed Lr1 and Lr2c respectively, perhaps the formeralso possessed Lr3a, Lr10 and Lr26. 12 cultivars (or lines) possessed Lr gene(s) for re-sistance other than those studied.
Development of Double Monoclonal Antibody Sandwich Method for Detection of Serum Oxidized Low Density Lipoprotein and Its Primary Application
Muts clones screened on MM and MD plates were induced by methanol expressing for 6 days.Samples were got every 24h.
Reconsiderations on the Mechanism of Kidney-Nourishing Therapy for Chronic Hepatitis B
that is to say the therapeutic compound is present in a container, for example under pressure or not ( e.g., nasal aqueous inhalers ), in the form of small solid particles suspended or dissolved in a vehicle.
Pelvic Inflammation Mass Treated with Abdominal Cavity Perfused with Antibiotics Combined with Chinese Drug Enema
the compounds of formula ( I ) may be used in products that are applied to mucous membranes such as oral mucosa , or the skin , to give a cooling sensation .
impact of percutaneous transluminal coronary angioplastyon electrocardiogram and exercise capacityafter acute myocardial infarction
Under the scanning EM, there was a thumb-shaped area with no ommatidia on the back of the compound eye
A variety of viral strains for transfection are publicly available , e . g ., the L - 1 variant of Autographa californica NPV and the Bm - 5 strain of Bombyx mori NPV , and such viruses may be used as the virus herein according to the present invention , particularly for transfection of Spodoptera frugiperda cells .
Y1 represents an oxygen or sulfur atom, or NR type group, R representing a hydrogen atom or an alkyl, cycloalkyl, alkenyl, alkynyl, aryl, or arylalkyl group;
Expression of α-SMA were dramatic decreased in QGHXR groups, and the result of flow cytometry displayed the proliferation rates of HSC were reduced but apoptosis rates were increased in QGHXR group(P<0.05
Result All of the patients got good contour of the abdomen without obvious complications. The abdominal perimeter was shrunk form 5 cm to 15 cm with over 3 months follow-ups.
Differential diagnosis of intrapulmonary solitary nodules with CT
in which they show that an increase in that perception threshold for vibration is the early detectable objective sign of carpal tunnel syndrome. Lee et al
Research on Preparation Process and Mechanical Properties of X-cor Sandwich
Effect of electroacupuncture on the expression of heat shock protein 70 and inducible nitric oxide synthase in rats withchronic spinal cord injury
Examination of the ventricular function was made on 228 normal subjects and 101 patients with old myocardial infarction by means of mechanocardiography. Values of the mechanocardiograms and of resting regression equations for calculating systolic time interval (STI) indices were obtained for both groups. The difference in mean values of STI, and of A wave ratio (A/E-O) between normal male subjects and patients with old myocardial infarction was found to be highly significant (P
such a screening is particularly amenable to tissue culture derive from mammals.
it is intend to provide a supplemental food for that recovery from hypoglycemic symptoms which can be easily taken, cause immediate recovery from hypoglycemic symptoms and yet shows no persistence after the recovery, in case where a diabetic patient treat at home suffers from hypoglycemic symptoms.
②There were significant GCA in same spike characters at different combinations,Longchun432×Ningchun4 had positive effective at all spike characters,it would be hopeful combination for spike selection.
The non - homogeneous phase mass transfer has been enhanceed by ultrasound, and factors which influence the hydration reaction were optimized by the simlex search method. The optimum reaction conditions have been attained as follows: reaction time of 17hr, H2SO4 concentation of 30wt%, turpentine/H2SO4 weight ratio of 1:1.72, and under these conditions the yield of turpine hydrate was up to 94.82
Adding Nano-chromium(III) and chromium nicotinate decreased CHL and TG3 by 17. 54(p< 0. 05), 36. 26%(p< 0. 05
CONCLUSION: GSP possess protective effect against Iso induced cardiomyocytes hypertrophy,this may be related to reducing the ROS generation and oxidative stress level,at least in part.
Fast serum cholesterol, triglyceride and glucose were investigated before and after intervention
Results In the group, all the patients required tracheotomy and assisted breathing with ventilator. 13 cases died, The mortality was 27.66%.
This paper reports 115 patients with rhabdomyosarcoma in children from 1955 to 1985. The age ranged from 15 days old to 13 years old with an average of 3.98. There were 78 boys aud 37 girls, According to the Horn and Enterliues classification, the common histologic types encountered were divided into embryonal subtype (53.04%), alveolar subtype (13.91%), botryoid subtype (7.8%) and pleomorpaic subtype (7.8%), 38.5% of all the lesions was located in the urogenital tract, specially in the bladdar. The i...
Application research on HIV(1+2) antibody/P24 antigen combination method and colloidal selenium method for clinical HIV testing
It was found that those 4 epitopes recognized by McAbs widely distributed among all the strains tested, and the coverage of each in the genus of Salmonella was 95 4%, 93 6%, 95 4%, 92 2%, respectively
Subsequently, water was added and hydrolysis was effected without stirring in the Schott bottle; yield determination after hydrolysis with water by HPLC quantification (against external standard) of HIBAc and acetone in the crude solution.
Evaluation of different scoring systems as prognostic predictor in severe acute pancreatitis
A QUANTITATIVE DETERMINATION OF SERUM BETA-N-ACETYL-GALACTOSAMINIDASE
Methods:80 patients with acne vulgaris were randomly divided into treatment group(40 cases),the control group(40 cases).
in a method for establish a composite marker profile for a sample derive from an individual suspected having aml or cml,
Directions:Use at night time after toner and serum, smooth gently over face and neck.
In 288 cases,161 cases’ IgG anti A titer were ≥1:128,accounting for 54. 03%,≥ 1:128,127 cases’ IgG anti B titer were,accounting for 45. 04%.
Everyday edible lettuce is to get not just those who abound is vitaminic with microelement, the lettuce element with embedded lettuce, have promote digest, stable nerve and moist cutaneous action.
Now it is still more important for medical therapy, scientific physical therapy, and proper daily bodybuilding
the batch temperature was hefd at 235 deg.c until the alkyd product exhibited an acid number of less than 10 and a viscosity of n.
The peripheral blood count was increased obviously immediately in all patientsand kept in normal range in 6¡«18 months(P<0.05)in 15 cases after PSE.
Kinetic Study on Cell Fused Micoalgae Tetraselmis sp.-1 in Mixotrophic Cultivation
Clinical Analysis Between Pyogenic Liver Abscesses of Biliary and Cryptogenic Origin
Compared with the control group,sCD 83 expression of experimental group was significantly increased.
Conclusions From our study,the relationship of LA to RA was established.
Clinical Effect of Alprostadil on Hemoptysis Caused by Pulmonary Hypertension
Methods 82 patients with postpartum hemorrhage were divided into two groups according to the quantity of bleeding(26 patients in slight bleeding group,hemorrhage 500-1 000ml;32 patients in massive bleeding group,postpartum hemorrhage more than 1 000ml) and 24 patients with normal deliveries as control.
Antibody concentrations by ELISA remained 12-fold or more higher than after natural infection (both antigens
A STUDY OF THE CHROMOSOMES OF SUGARCANE
Method Patients in intervention and control group were surveyed and evaluated psychological disease diagnosis questionnaire
in this embodiment, said recombinant protein is lin to said coat protein by two peptide linkers, one peptide link linking that N-terminal portion of said recombinant protein to the N-terminal segment of said coat protein, the second peptide linker linking the C-terminal portion of said recombinant protein to the C-terminal segment of said coat protein.
After forming the metal film 15C, the same film 15C is patterned, for example, by wet etching using PAN (Phosphoric-Acetic-Nitric-acid; mixture solution containing phosphoric, acetic and nitric acids and water)-based chemical solution as illustrated in FIG. 2F, thus forming the pair of source/drain electrodes 15A and 15B.
hiv / aids are more than a public health priority. it is a complex problem, which affects all components of the society.
l-carnitine alone in that therapeutic regimen adopted to date and describe in the above-mentioned publications,
The butterfly palate nerve microwave congeals hotly the technique;
Trehalose Synthase Gene Driven by Drought Responsive Promoter Genetic Transformation of Sugarcane
The goal of this study was to determine possible causes of medical refractoriness in patients with gastroesophageal reflux
These fetal methylation markers are particularly useful as positive controls for a non-invasive analytical process during which the quality and quantity of fetal DNA are monitored.
The duodenum and jejunum possess the greatest surface areas due to the highest concentration of villi and microvilli in these regions compared with that of the ileum.
When the compressed fibrous marker body is infiltrated with body fluid, e.g. blood, within the biopsy cavity or other intracorporeal site, the binding agent in the marker body is dissolved so the fibrous body can expand within the intracorporeal site.
other gel coat composition-ingredients include acrylic diluents ( e. g., mma ), additives ( e. g., silica, cobalt salts, silicone release agent, hydroxyalkyl ( meth ) acrylates, dimethyl acetoacetomide ), a pigment paste, a free radical initiator ( e. g., methyl ethyl ketone peroxide ), w stabilizers, thixotropes, and other resins ( e. g., an isophthatic-npg-maleic unsaturated polyester ).
The previous study showed that the microbial flocculant contained Sphingomonas paucimobilis could discolor mordant black T dye wastewater efficiently.In this study,single factor tests and orthogonal tests were used to determine the optimized decolorization.
Clinical Observation of Tympanoplasty Performed on Patients with Unilateral Hearing
the optimum temperature can be individually adjust for each probe, ensuring bet assay kinetics and a faster hybridization
the compositions of the invention have an improved taste profile and reduced gastrointestinal side effects as compared to those for the immediate release composition.
Analysis of 12 cases of adverse reaction of central nervous system induced by compound paracetamol and amantadine hydrochloride
Objective To study whether there′s any difference in LTC IC counts from 3 different sources of the hematopoietic stem cells. Methods The authors studied LTC IC changes in CD + 34 cells from normal marrow, peripheral blood after mobilization and the cord blood under the stimulation of 6 kinds of cytokines with the Dexter cell long term culture assay. Results There was a significant difference in LTC IC counts in CD + 34 cells from the cord blood in comparison with those in the peripheral...
histological observation of that skin of bufo gargarizans
system ( 10a, 10b, 10c ) and methods are provide for resisting posterior movement of that tongue during sleep, thereby keeping an airway open.
Up to mow, the specific gene promoters of anthers and pollens of a large number of plants have been cloned and they can be linked to any cytotoxin gene being used for cultivating engineering sterile plants. At present, barnase gene is still the most used cytotoxin gene in cultivating engineering male sterile plants with the best effect.
The features and differential of morphologically similar and rare parasite in stool examination
Methods The urinary iodine was measured with colorimetic ceric-arsenic assay.
Can be used to treat swelling and sore throat, aphtha of the mouth and tongue, common cold, fever, diarrhea, pyretic stranguria, carbuncle swelling, suppurative sore and herpes zoster.
Transplantation of Neural Precursor Cells into the Focal Cerebral Cortex Ischemic Boundary Zones of Newborn Rats
Experience in treatment of 45 severe hepatic trauma patients
On behalf of our heart patients who are deprived of Aprotinin, Captopril and other coronary drugs, or pacemakers.
in addition to sil sulfate, other silver compound that may be coated on a substrate in addition to that silver sulfate include silver oxide, sil acetate, silver nitrate, silver citrate, silver chloride, silver lactate, silver phosphate, silver stearate, silver thiocyanate, silver carbonate, silver saccharinate, silver anthranilate and combinations thereof.
Most somatic mutations are likely to be'passengers'that do not contribute to oncogenesis
To find out the causes and precautions of complication prothesis replacement of the femoral head 78 cases (80 hip) of prothesis replacement of the femoral head in the last 10 years was analyzed.
Study on Mechanism of Action of Aromatic Therapy
STUDY OF COLOSTRUM ON BLOOD PROTEINS OF NEW BORN PIGLETS
Detection of Cytokeratin 20 mRNA in Peripheral Blood of Patients with Cardial Carcinoma and Its Clinical Implication
AMOVA(analysis of molecular variance) demonstrated that community contributed 39. 76% to hereditary changes,individuals contributed 60. 24%,and heredity differentiation index(FST) was 0. 397 65(P<0.
Using the above described product, to sow on it or plant transplantation makes plant grow in the natural environment.
the samples, reagents, and micro-well strips are loaded, the Galileo Echo reads the barcodes.
It is nontoxic, harmless and non-polluting, can be used in pesticides and disinfection of therapeutic apparatus, and is specially effective for treating withering disease and yellow spot diseases of cotton, American genseng, vegetables and orange, and for skin diseases.
The results showed that crystal growth rate decreased with the increase of super saturation;
Studies on Application and Mechanism of Energy Transfer System of Acridine Orange(AO)-Rhodamine B(RB) Dimer in the Determination of DNA
and their hippocampal CA1 region manifested obvious cell deletion while there was no significant change in the CA3 region
Cloning, expression and purification of D-carbamoylase from Sinorhizobium morelens S-5
The SD rats in normal group were injected intraperitoneally three times with BrdU (50 mg/kg) and sacrificed 12 hours after the last injection
Ultrasonic diagnosis of ganglion cyst
Flooding often leads to irreversible morphological,physiological and metabolism damages to trees,but some anti-flooding species could adjust their morphological and physiological characteristics to adapt.
In a continuous ammoximation reaction, the Si amount excreted outside the reaction system may be obtained by measuring the Si concentration in the retrieved reaction mixture based on the amount of the retrieved reaction mixture.
Low Energy He-Ne Laser Intravascular Irradiation Combined with Ligustrazine to Treat Cerebral Infarction
include that step of combining a monofunctional alcohol or a difunctional diol with an ester-substituted diaryl carbonate to form a reaction mixture.
The fat optimizing capsules have precise curative effect, can obviously reduce TC and TG levels of serum and improve the HDL-C level of the serum, and have no obvious side effect.
Transcatheter occlusion of specific patent ductus arterious with Amplatzer atrial septal occluder in adults
This assumed that this assay is of high specificity and is sensitive enough for this purpose.
Objective: To summarize the reason of accident occurrence in in- patients with schizophrenia and its preventive measure
The method comprises providing a strong interactive region between microwave and a liquid droplet to be measured and vertically arranging a capillary burette in the interactive region,
in addition,there were significant differences in the treatment effectivenesses of different Chinese medicine syndromes.
insulin pump system
Group A(17 cases,24 eyes) were treated with laser peripheral iridectomy.Group B(21 cases,28 eyes) were treated with trabeculectomy and Mitomycin C·RESULTS:Four eyes were cured in group A(17%).
The effect of composition of epoxy dimethacrylate(EDMA), multihydroxy polyether prepolymer andpolyisocyanate prepolymer on the film performancehas been studied.The synergistic effect of 1PNstructure of polyepoxy dimethacrylate and polyetherpolyurethane on the film properties are discussed.The influence of light barrier, light stabilizer andoxidation inhibitor and skid-resistant agent on theweatherability of coating film are investigated.Thenew skid-resistant coating is featured by its excel-lent weatherahilit
Sixty workers received doses in excess of 200 millirem, with the highest exposure being1.6 rem.
Study of Polysaccharide of Nostoc Commune
in particular, a numb of software packages are commercially available for devise pcr primer sequences.
The comparison between CT and MRI diagnosis with clinical typing of STB and their advantage was performed by using SPSS 12. 0 statistic software and chi-square test.
For example, the FDA imposes a limit on the amount of iron oxide (ferric or ferrous oxide) that may be ingested by a patient which is currently set at 5 mg/day elemental iron.
The determination of urinary stone is important for the understanding the lithiasis , and preventing its recurrence.
the 5S-26S rDNA intergenic region which is use for homologous recombination ( gridded) and that ampicillin resistance gene ( bla; light grey) are shown
CT and MRI showed that the intracranial lesions corresponded to the types of aphasia in 195 cases(92.9%).
In one embodiment, an improved process for the production of recombinant protein is provided which includes a P.fluorescens host cell expressing a fusion protein of interest linked to a Sec secretion signal.
The seroquel sustained release tablet of the invention reduces dosage of sustained release material based on good sustained release performance and facilitates the administration of patients.
2) CAG repeat length of 14 female samples were selected as cintrol.
Clinical biochemical analysis of blood was conducted before dosing commencement, at the end of the administration period, and at the end of the recovery period in all treated animals.
The present invention relates to a hydrous gel containing an ascorbic acid or a derivative thereof, which can stably hold the ascorbic acid or a derivative thereof, can be used for medical preparations for external application (for example, molded poultice, tape agent or plastering agent), cosmetics such as pack, and wound protecting agents, can exhibit high self-shape retentivity and can be easily produced, and also relates to a production process and uses of the hydrous gel.
it may be desirable for protrusion 103 to move along anterior branch 102b in any circumstance where any combination of flexion of spine 18 and / or anterior motion of head 10 will prevent or mitigate neck injury by maintain that forces experience by the user ' s neck lower than the tolerance of the user ' s neck to injury.
Analysis of the Effect of Candida Albicans Colonization on Mouse Intestinal Microbiota by Denaturing Gradient Gel Electrophoresis
Conclusions: On-hands-and-knees can help to shorten the second stage of labor,and decrease perineum laceration without inducing neonatal asphyxia,thus it′s worth for application in large scale.
b) separately and simultaneously bringing each of said microbial samples into contact with said dispersed population of pathogen;
Electromyographic examination showed myogenic changes (6/7), and neurogenetic changes combined with muscular abnormality(1/7
Under pathological conditions,the large aggregation of unfolded proteins or misfolded proteins in the endoplasmic reticulum affects homeostasis and normal function of endoplasmic reticulum,triggering the unfolded protein response and known as the endoplasmic reticulum stress.
Amylase polymorphism of native pig populations in China and surrounding countries
For a clinical set-up 0.1 to 30 g of creatine (m.w. 131.13 g/mol) can be added to a dialysis concentrate of about 4.7 liters (that is normally used for one dialysis treatment per patient per day in a dialysis machine) to provide a final concentration of creatine compound(s) of 0.16 to 48 mM/l in the concentrated dialysis fluid or stock solution.
Representative R and R groups include alkyl, substituted alkyl, alkenyl, substituted alkenyl, alkynyl, substituted alkynyl, alkoxy, substituted alkoxy, acyl, substituted acyl, aryl, substituted aryl, heteroalkyl, substituted heteroalkyl, heteroaryl, substituted heteroaryl, heterocycle and substituted heterocycle.
in particular those having solubility-improving side groups at the 2-and / or 2,5 position such as cl-c20, preferably c4-cso, alkyl or alkoxy groups.
Endometrial carcinoma is one of the three common malignant tumors in female reproductive system.
Mechanism of gas compressing polymer gel in porous media
The postoperative complication rate was 7.6% which chiefly consisted of cage retropulsion 3 cases 2.5% cage subsidence 4 cases 3.4% and postlaminec-tomy adhesive arachnoiditis 2 cases 1.7% 2 cases of cage retropulsion and 2 cases of cage subsidence show partial nonunion 2 cases of cage subsidence had arachnoiditis
Clap diplococcus returns the recrudesce of former to trachoma garment put oneself in another's position to rise to accelerate effect
However, the PBM of femoral neck, Ward's triangle and trochanter are found in 20~29 year old group for both sexes
To provide the targeting ligand , an av 3 ligand is coupled covalently to the phosphatidyl ethanolamine through a bifunctional linker in the procedure described above .
( c ) aromatic phosphoric acid ester compound the aromatic phosphoric acid ester compound used in the present invention is a compound having the following structural formular ( ii ): wherein r3, r4 and rs independently of one another are hydrogen or cl 4 alkyl; x is a c6 20 aryl group or alkyl-substituted c6 20 aryl group that are derivatives from a dialcohol derivative such as resorcinol, hydroquinol and bisphenol-a; and n is 0-4.
Janus kinase(JAK)/STAT cytokine signal transduction pathway is believed to play an important role in many diseases,such as rheumatoid arthritis and psoriasis.
the preferred isocyanurate material is a triacrylate of tris ( hydroxy ethyl ) isocyanurate .
Mathematic models showed that root biomasses of different classes of average individual tree were correlated to stand average breast diameter,average height and planting density.The correlation coefficients were all above 0. 8 except for small-root.The root biomass of different classes in rhizosphere between rows was also correlated to planting density.
Millet straw has been hydrolyzed to glucose with cellulase. The pretreatment of substrate, the reapplication of sediment after centrifugalization and experimental conditions are all focussed on.
Effect of Increasing Depth of Propofol Anesthesia on Upper Airway Configuration in Children Evans R, et al
Preparation and characterization of CuO nanopowders doped (Ba0.87Ca0.09Sr0.04)(Ti0.90Zr0.04Sn0.06) O3-based Y5V ceramics
So that it should be good at disinfection and isolation, strenthen observation of patient condition, to do basic nursing well at the same time to improve nursing mode, take good education and propaganda of healthy knowledge and do visiting optionally, it is important for curing and preveting newborn with early congenitial syphilitic multiple organs lesion
the dosage of the medicament is adjusted as described below.
the polyisocyanate consists of (a) 80-100% by weight of diphenylmethane diisocyanate comprising at least 40%, preferably at least 60% and most preferably at least 85% by weight of 4,4'-diphenylmethane diisocyanate and/or a variant of said diphenylmethane diisocyanate which variant is liquid at 25 DEG C and has an NCO value of at least 20% by weight (polyisocyanate a), and (b) 20-0% by weight of another polyisocyanate (polyisocyanate b),
An analytical fluorometric method and a kit for use in such method are disclosed for assessing the presence of alkaline sphingomyelinase ( SMase ) in the stools of a patient in need of such an assessment since alkaline SMase is a marker of serious pathological states, such as colon cancer.
Pharmacokinetics of levofloxacin in patients undergoing biliary tract surgery
stage 1 that microencapsulate polymer is the polymerization product of ethylenically unsaturated polymerizable monome and crosslinking agent.
Studies on Gene Location and Fertility Restoring Performance of Male Sterile Lines of Non-1BL/1RS Wheat with Ae.kotschyi、Ae.variabilis and Ae.ventricosa cytoplasms.;
the process is carried out by preparing pancreatic lipase, selecting fresh pig pancreas 200g, washing, sterilizing, crushing into pastes by tissue crusher, adding into 0.3% calcium hydroxide 80 ml, mixing, filtering, adding into 90% alcohol with content 20% into pancreatic solution, laying aside at 35 degree for 10 hrs, determining activity, storing at -18 degree, adding into composite enzyme at 55 degree and ph=7, agitating while hydrolyzing for 10 hrs, raising temperature while killing enzyme when reaching amino-nitrogen to total nitrogen content 35%, filtering, centrifuging to obtain filtrate, exchanging with resin and vacuum drying to obtain final product.
Methods Form Jan 2000 to Jun 2010,CT check result after the CT inspection diagnosis and the CT revisit confirmation of 358 cases damaged in the abdomen obtuse bruise or 11 cases adrenal gland were rivewed.
0. 2 Gy X-ray still had stimulative effects on the three subsets of lymphocytes. The greatest effects on CD4+, CD8+ and B celles. were produced by 0. 1,0. 05 and 0. 1 Gy X-rays respectively
Effect of Melamine Combined with Cyanuric Acid after Oral Administration 28 Days on the Body Weight and Kidney of Female SD Rats
Diagnosis and treatment of primary benign splenic tumors
Various types of training are given in the use of contraceptives and voluntary sterilization. These have resulted in an overall reduction in the number of abortions nationwide: 19.6 of every 100 women of reproductive age in 1997, compared with 48.2 in 1992.
Function of HSP70 in late preconditioning in ischemia reperfusion injury in rat liver
Preparation of high-sensitivity color-changeable up-conversion luminescent material
Methods Totally 80 patients with selective general anesthesia operation [American Society of Anesthesiologists(ASA) classification of Ⅰ and Ⅱ] were randomly divided into the observation group and the control group,40 cases in each group.
Objective To investigate the effects of zinc deficiency on the zinc ion and zinc transporter 4 expression in hippocampal neurons.
Effect of Epidermal Growth Factor Receptor-selective Tyrosine Kinase Inhibitor ZD1839 on Nasopharyngeal Carcinoma Cells
Effect of FAT10 over-expression on proliferation and apoptosis of HepG2 hepatocellular carcinoma cells
As mentioned above, the infant carrier 100 includes a strap 130.
Preand PostTreatmental Alterations in Hair Microelementswhen Using Svate3 in the Treatment of Cerebral Thrombosis
In Vitro Inhibition of Antisense RNA of Ornithine Decarboxylase Gene on Lung Cancer Cell A-549
it is also contemplated that more information can be stored in the patient 's identification device,
Therefore,the dendritic multimolecular micelles based on low generation dendrimers may be as stimuli-responsive nanocarriers for drug controlled release.
Add dried functionalized micromolecule hydrogel and 2-acrylamide-2-methyl propane sulfonic acid monomer as well as initiator in butyl acetate-water mixture to realize inverse suspension polymerization. The total concentration of polymeric monomer is 0.1-0.2g/L; the mass of functionalized micromolecule hydrogel and 2-acrylamide-2-methyl propane sulfonic acid among the total monomer is 70%-90% and 2%-4% respectively;
characterized in that from 0.1 to 5% by weight of a copolymer containing epoxy groups and based on styrene, acrylate and/or methacrylate is admixed in the extruder at from 160 to 260 DEG C with the biodegradable polyester.
This entails the drawback that either large losses of acylation agent occur as a result of hydrolysis or that a large quantity of the reaction mixture (that which remains after recovery of the antibiotic in the solid state) has to be worked up.
study on that synthesis and biological activity of 1-alkyl ( or aryl ) - 5-substituted amino-4- ( n-alkyl carbamoyl ) pyrazole
Duchenne muscular dystrophy and Becker's muscular dystrophy are caused by mutations of the gene for the dystrophin protein and lead to an overabundance of the enzyme creatine kinase
The patient will make N injection(s) of the prescribed dose, according to an injection timing prescribed by the physician, and thereafter the control unit 4 will inform the patient, via the display screen 17, that the cartridge 5 is empty and must be replaced.
Screening and Identification of Genes Transactivated by the RNase H of Hepatitis B Virus DNA Polymerase Using cDNA Microarray
The result showed that the immobilized lipase supported by microporous activated carbon was excellent for its catalytic effect, whose conversion rate was nearly 50% when the reaction time reached 12. 8 h
The configuration change in the DNA molecule induced by UV-A and UV-B radiaˉtion is far less than that induced by the whole-band UV radiation. Upon prolonged irradiation with UV-A and UV - B,the Raman spectra of the A-DNA formbecame stronger,whereas those of the B-DNA form beˉcame weaker.
ulmoides Oliv. Method:GA,CGA and GP were analysed by using C18column (250 mm×4 6 mm,10 μm)with detector at 240 nm,and the mobile phase consisting of CH 3OH-H 2O-CH 3COOH(19:81:1 5).
Efficacy of Sustained Release Tablet vs.Common Tablet of Sodium Valproate for Epilepsy in Children
Effects of light quantum and hematoporphyrin therapy on the growth of tumor in rats
Comparison between GICA and ELISA for the detection of HIV1+2 antibody
A mother's stress while she is pregnant can have a long-lasting effect on her children's genes
8. Embryo cultured by TCM-199+ HA was significant higher than group that did not addHA (P<0.05) in its survive rate and hatch rate (respectively for 65.85% vs 58.69% and
Expression of type Ⅰ, Ⅱand Ⅲcollagen in boneforming tumor
THE ANTI-TUMOR EFFECT OF INDOMETHACIN ON TUMOR BEARING BALB/c MICE
Methods The imaging data of the 21 patients with cerebral venous malformation were retrospectively analyzed.All of the patients had conventional MRI and SWI examination,We compared the superiority of the SWI to the others in showing the cerebral venous malformation.
Coronary angiography and ergonovine test comfirmed right artery sp asm.
Conclusions: The results suggest that the nutrient vessels of the lateral cutaneous nerve of forearm and cephalic vein have homology with the nutrient vessels of muscles, bone and skin. The distally-based flap (periosteum) pedicled with the cutaneous branches of radial artery with the rotation point at the wrist joint can be applied to repair soft tissues defect of the hand distant parts
Methods:Total 460 peripheral blood samples were collected from the healthy Han nationality(aged from 10 to 64 years old),which were detected by FACSCalibur flow cytometry.The data were analyzed by SPSS16.
Cloning,Prokaryotic Expression and Tissue Expression Pattern of Hoxa10 in Maiwa Yak
stereoselective synthesis of bridge metallocene complexes
intravenous administration of anticonvulsant is that most rapid way to suppress epileptic convulsions.
Effect of Cold Ischemia on Early Acute Rejection after Orthotopic Liver Transplantation in Rats
and r " is a group that is exposed when the species forms a sam and is selected to exhibit a required surface property with respect to precipitative growth thereon in accordance with the present invention.
From group Ito VI were respectively 30 minutes, 1hour, 2hours, 4 hours, 8 hours, 12 hours after reperfusion. Group VIIendure is-chemia alone and group VIII was controls.
two recent New England Journal of Medicine studies confirm preious findings associating pergolide with increased chance of regurgitation ( backflow of blood) of the mitral, tricuspid, and aortic ales of the heart. ale regurgitation is a condition in which ales don ' t close tightly, allowing blood to flow backward across the ale
Syndromes Nursing and Psychotherapy,Health-promoting Care Cholelithiasis
The results indicated that the residues of sugar constituents were mainly Araf and Xylp,with an Ara/Xyl(A/X) ratio of 0. 60 and a high average molecular weight(M w) of 3. 81×105.
Once set, the gelatin surface was seeded by picking up a minute quantity of bacterial cells on a platinum needle.
Follow-up six months after treatment,the efficacy were compared between the two groups.
Clinical significance of procalcitonin detection combined with blood culture in diagnosis of bacteremia
ObjectiveTo study the anti-inflammatory and analgesic effects of Musk-Aconite-Earthworm Pill(MAEP) to provide an experimental foundation for clinical application.
Generation and charaterization of HER2 anti-idiotypic monoclonal antibody
The inventive wheat polypeptide dried noodle has the functions of inhibiting cholesterol rise, regulating blood sugar, lowering blood pressure, alleviating pain, resisting oxidation, delaying aging, improving sleep and enhancing immunity, and has good dietetic effects.
in some embodiment, that contacting step is carry out by applying the active agent such as 2-undecanone or composition containing the same to a plant or animal ( e. g., a human, or other mammalian species such as dog, cat, horse, pig, cow sheep, goat, etc. ) in an amount substantially non-toxic to said plant or animal.
The antimicrobial substance produced by MLS5 was initially identified as protein bacteriocin by inhibitive effect of organic acids and hydrogen peroxide exclusion and protease susceptibility test.
The integrated output correlates to the platelet volume.
INTERVENTIONS:Retroviral vector containing murine IFN γ gene was transferred into retroviral package cell PA317.A high titer PA317IFN γ cell line was obtained after G418 resistance screening.
in that native situation, this function is mediate by the wild type fiber knob ( which bind to the cellular Ad-receptor
Methods Six weeks after the infection of S.japonicum, the infected mice were treated by praziquantel, meanwhile, they were intrasplenic transplanted by murine hepatocytes which had been transfected with IL 18 gene combinant adenovirus vector, ELISA and profile analytical technique were used to observe the changes of serum IL 18, IFN γ, IL 4, TGF β1 level and the granuloma size
Clinic Observation of Naloxone Plus Hyperbaric Oxygenation Combining Treatment in 34 Cases with Acute Fatal Carbon Monoxide Poisoning
Such magnetic microbeads are produced with selective affinities for certain cells, i.e., the target cells, such that they magnetically label or stain the target cells
Treatment group had more hand-foot syndrome and peripheral neurotoxicity(P<0.05);the control group had more nausea,hair loss and peripheral phlebitis(P0.05).
AIM: To observe the characteristics of fundus images and fluorescin angiography (FFA) in diabetic retinopathy (DR) combined with retinal vein occlusion (RVO).
The imbalance induced by the interaction between the two antagonistic adrenoceptors lent a decisive influence on the hemodynamic changes of MH, i.e., the total peripheral resistance (dynes/sec/cm~(-5))changed from an "inappropriate rise" to an apparently elevated one(1189±539 vs 859±332, p<0.01), and cardiac index (L/min/M~2)was considerably reduced on account of increased after-load.
The immune response to Chlamydia pneumoniae infection
By detecting the infection rate, we can monitor the diffusion of Wolbachia in the population of planthoppers and provide the research basis for Vector- Insect- Symbiont Technology(VIST).
and an enzyme cofactor.
ResultsTreatnent with vitamin K2 at concentration of 10 μmol/L and higher remarkably inhibited growth of MGC80-3 cells. Further study showed that vitamin K2 induced MGC80-3 cell death characterized by apoptotic phenotypes, chromatin DNA fragmentation and DNA content changes
CLINICAL ANALYSIS OF 430 CASES OF GYNECOLOGIC LAPAROSCOPIC SURGERY
They can do whathasis called a sentinel node biopsy.
The present invention provides methods for treating Pompe disease in a subject by administering to the subject a therapeutically effective amount of a fusion protein which includes human acid alpha-glucosidase (GAA), or a fragment thereof, and a lysosomal targeting domain.
Experimental Study of Mandibular Periosteal Distraction in Rabbits
influence of chitosan-collagen gel on that biological behavior of oral mucosa fibroblasts
A veterinary dematogonadotropin is prepared from the blood serum of pregnant mare through diluting with distilled water, adding solid ammonium sulfate while stirring, regulating pH value, filtering, dripping metaphosphoric acid to regulate pH value, filtering, ultrafiltrate concentrating, slowly adding pre-cooled alcohol to make 40% of alcohol to deposit, regulating pH value, laying aside for layering, taking supernatant, adding pre-cooled alcohol, regulating pH value, laying aside for layering, removing supernatant, centrifugal separation to obtain deposit, dissolving in physiologic saline, dialyzing, depositing in alcohol, and vacuum drying of the deposit.
Expressions of TF and VEGF in Brain Gliomas and the Clinical Significance
FIG. 3A shows results for CD33-positive U937 cells stained with CD33-ETA′
Chicks at 1-day of age were vaccinated with L2 strain and original S1133 strain separately.
A preliminary Study on Effects of Sciatic Nerve Stimulation on the Propagation of Cortical Spreading Depression
in summary, a significant nee exists for a therapeutic agent which can prevent or treat bone los.
Different carbon source, nitrogen source and inorganic salts in medium affected the cell growth, the ice nucleation activity and the xanthan gum ratio
Microscopic structures of Japanese lamprey peripheral blood cells and culture of lymphocyte-like cells in vitro
Objective:To explore relationship between alleles polymorphism depended by guanidinium thiocyanate(GT)repeat polymorphism(GTn)in HO-1gene promoter region and risk of coronary heart disease(CHD).
CT diagnosis and staging of laryngeal carcinoma
Clinical Observation of Botulinum Toxin A for the Treatment of Upper 1/3 Facial Wrinkles
Emergent surgery of ruptured intracranial aneurysms
Streak onto mCCDA and Preston agar, 41.5°C/48h/microaerophilic.
when the patient positioning system 20 and the radiation unit 10 have been rigidly attached to each other at the treatment site,
the Chinese medicinal composition has a special curative effect on that angina pectoris, and particularly has a remarkable curative effect on stable angina pectoris
Effect of Early Postoperative Enteral Nutrition on Humoral Immunity of Patients with Gastrointestinal Tumor
surprisingly, it has also been found that that hydrolysis of the TPU is reduce if a novel, sterically hindered esterify amine is used
Crude Extraction and Activity Assay of CEL
The ewes were restricted the key nutrients(protein,energy) during late gestation.The test was divided into three groups: control group,protein restriction group and energy restriction group,to investigate effect of nutritional restriction in ewes during late gestation on meat quality and genes of lambs.
Results of high performance liquid chromatography (HPLC) and bacterial inhibition tests indicated that the capsules release high concentrations of active vancomycin for up to 144 hours.
Treating 107 Cases of Spine Fracture of the Senile and Middle Ages with Comprehensive Methods
embryonic volcano|volcanic embryo
Autoantibodies to chemokines can effectively neutralize chemokines and their signaling and modulatory effects on the immune system and disease .
The Effects of Grape Seed Procyanidins Extract on Apoptosis in Pancreatic Islet Cell of Type Two Diabetes Rats
(2) further cultivating that morphologically abnormal tissue, and visually selecting a morphologically normal tissue which appears during the cultivation.
Ultrasound Diagnosis of Spermatic Cord Hydrocele
Study on Microbiologic Characteristics and Antibiotic Resistance of the Strains of Yellow Scour of Newborn Piglets Spreading in Jiangxi
The olfactory organ in the nasal cavity is the sensing element that detects odors and transmits information to the brain through the olfactory nerves.
66506 A Chinese medicinal composition for the treatment of hepatitis containing Fructus Gardeniae, Borneolum Syntheticum, Radix Rumicis, etc.
Also the characteristic IR spectra(2?054,1?879,1?560,952,856,714,695?cm~(-1)) could be used to estimate the active oxygen content in the title percarbonate.
Study on Cationic Polymers
The results show that the inflammation of periarticular/soft tissue, (which indicates the infiltration of mononuclear and/or polymorphonuclear inflammatory cells into the soft tissues, including synovial membranes around the joint) is least affected in the PL-100 + Glucosamine group both on day 22 and 30 as compared to the other groups.
study on that structural alterations of human thymidine kinase gene occur in the process of cotransfection
Keywords Cyanea capillata;nematocyst venom;tentacle-only extract of jellyfish;haemolysis activity;
hepatic functional change and their pathologic basis inExperimental hepatic artery embolization ( HAE )
comprises a specification which records that the medicine is used by orally taking or injecting through respiratory tract, urethra or anal intestine or smearing on skin.
Crystalline compounds in catalysts for gas phase hydrogenation of aldehydes were determined by powder X-ray diffraction analysis, and the size of the CuO crystal in the catalyst was measured by Scherrer′s method
however, suitable dosage range are of that order of several hundred microgram active ingredient per vaccination.
the proliferation function of T lymphocyte was lower in each Cd group than that in that control group ( P < 0.05
Preliminary studies on antigenic modulation induced by monoclonal antibody
Study on the acute toxicity of total alkaloids from Sophora alopecuroides L. in mice
The resins are acid modified with from about 0.1 to 30 weight percent maleic anhydride to provide an acid-modified resin with a acid number from about 30 to about 170 mg KOH/g resin.
Kill the mice on weeks 1,2,3,4,6,8,10 and 12 after the 2nd dose respectively and determine the IgG in sera as well as IgA in fecal and nasal washing by ELISA
[Conclusion]It was concluded that tea saponin exerted inhibition on apple snails at different developmental stages, and its inhibition intensity was influenced by its concentration and the developmental stages of apple snails.
A pushing-in member (23) is provided that fits into the terminal and has pressure contact grooves (27) formed on anterior and posterior end faces.
It is concluded that Trollius chinensis Bunge in Weichang present good antibacterial activity.
Neuromuscular Clinic
Under the condition of being cultured with seven different carbon sources,the dry weight of mycelium biomass from Foc 4 was lager than that from Foc 1,which means Foc 4 grows more quickly and is more adaptable.
Objective To probe into methodology of detection of Mitochondrial aspartate aminotransferase(m AST).Methods The s AST with anti s AST forms antigen antibody complex and loss of activity by select inhibition way,then m AST activity was determined.Results The linearlity of this method was up to 200 U/L The coefficient of variation for within and between assays was less than 6.5% and less than 9.0%.The recoveries range from 98.2% to 104.4% average 101.4%.The m AST doesn't be interferen...
Objective To explore the effect of small interfering RNA (siRNA) on PANC-1 pancreatic carcinoma cells,the effective position in c-Src gene for siRNA.
Alternatively, a photoinitiator may be added to the solution and then the solution containing the photoinitiator and the polymer micelle are exposed to light or ultraviolet light of sufficient wavelength to form free radicals.
During a correlation study, a reference measurement is typically made using an A-line inserted into the patient's femoral artery, as shown by the black circle 202.
in recent year, associations of retire and older persons have increased in numb across that world a result not only of population ageing but also a response to age discrimination and exclusion.
Moyamoya disease misdiagnosed as viral encephalitis: a case report
Objective To explore the influence of rat body mass on the success rate of modeling in type 1 diabetes.
in that prevention or treatment of such disease in which the dipeptidyl peptidase-IV enzyme is involved.
The Synthesis of Pour-point Depressor and its Effect
Objective To investigate the effect of TSH and iodide on the thyroi d sodium/iodide symporter(NIS) mRNA, thyroid peroxidase(TPO) mRNA, thyroglobulin (Tg) mRNA in fisher rat thyroid cell line(FRTL).
ASSESSMENT OF RIGHT VENTRICULAR FUNCTION OF VENTRICULAR SEPTAL DEFECT WITH PULMONARY HYPERTENSION BEFORE AND AFTER OPERATION BY TISSUE DOPPLER IMAGING
Autograft or allograft aortic valve replacement in young adult patients with congenital aortic valve disease.
Of the 67 cases of esophageal cancer with lung metastasis , 30 cases completed 2 cycles chemotherapy ,22 cases were evaluated for the response to chemotherapy after 2 cycles chemotherapy . Of these 22 cases , in 7 cases, tumors in lung achieved CR , and in 9 cases tumors in lung a-chieved PR , the RR was 72.7% .
Use of aqueous extract of Trametes robiniophila Murr. in preparing medicament
Methods 31 patients were enrolled of whom 15 had obvious MCA stenosis(>50%,unilateraly) as well as hypoperfusion in the MCA territory(perfusion data decline≥20%),proved by CT Angiography and Perfusion CT.
01).There were two cases of nausea and one case of mild dysfunction of liver in treatment group,while there was no obvious adverse reaction in control group.
Contrasting Analysis of Head MRI between Systemic Vasculltis Affecting CNS and Tuberculosis Meningitis/meningoencephalitis
The incidence of postoperative hyperglycemia,atrial fibrillation,myocardial ischemia,automatic cardiac recovery,ventilation supporting duration,pre and postoperative left ventricular ejecting fraction（EF） were recorded.
Mesenchymal stem cells from human proximal femurs possess immunosuppressive activity
Conclusion Pemetrexed is well tolerated and effecitive as second-line treatment of elderly patients with advanced non-small cell lung cancer.
an aerogel carbon film sorbent, and a carbon filter consisting of fine carbon particles imbedded on a polymer fiber matrix.
1. Having entered in the body, the vaccines can induce immune responses for the prevention or therapy of the diseases.
ON ANTI-HBE ANTIBODY INDOOR QUALITY CONTROL
the inactive form of the transcriptional activator in ( a ) above is obtained by inactivation or modification of a nucleic acid sequence present in the cell and necessary for the expression of the native transcriptional activator according to any of the methods as disclosed supra .
Objective To explore the management and treatment of smear-positive pulmonary tuberculosis patients of the temporary residents
Accordingly, transumbilical single-incision laparoscopic surgry is gaining great interest all over the world.
such resin contain beta hydroxy ester, imide, or sulfide functionality, incorporated by use dimethylolpropionic acid, phthalimide, or mercaptoglycerine as an additional reactant in that preparation of the resin.
Research indicates that DHA can also help advance the mental development of infants.
There were not significant correlations between the seed transmission rate and SMV concentration in these parts(P=0.05), but there was a slight correlation between the seed transmission rate and the virus concentration in preharvest mature seeds (r=0.66,pseed transmission rate.
trimegestone and estrogens for treating post menopausal disorders
the synthesis of GFP in that cell cytoplasm was observe with a fluorescence microscope and was indicating successful transfection
The clinical value of 18F-FDG PET/CT in patients with diffuse large B cell lymphoma in chemotherapy interim
Methods Totally,10New Zealand rabbits were randomly divided into a normal control group and a model group,with 5rabbits in each group.
the result of these defects is elevated blood glucose ,
There was significantly difference in DMEM groups and 50mL·L -1 FBS DME M groups (P<0.001),moreover, 50mL·L -1 FBS notably induced human RPE c ells proliferation (P<0.001).
The correlation analysis showed that high self-conscious adolescent athletes reported higher levels of the state of anxiety in competitions than those who were low in self-conscious, and were less likely to use approach coping style
soften and healing device for vaginal side incision with medicinal bath
High Performance Capillary Electrophoretic Determination of Nicotine in CLETCH-Smoking Cessation Patch
as used herein, the " carrier " refers to components of the individual oral compositions in which the antibacterial compound or compounds of structure ( i ) are formulated as an active ingredient.
Liver enzymes elevated if secondary photosensitization
The Empirical Study of Arsenic Compound of Nanometer Inducing Hepatoma Cells to Apoptosis
US Patents 6,067,991 to Forsell, 5,601,604 to Vincent, 5,234,454 to Bangs, 4, 133,315 to Berman et al., 4,416,267 to Garren et al., and US Patents 4,592,339, 5,449,368,5,226,429 and 5,074,868 to Kuzmak, which are incorporated herein by reference, describe mechanical instruments for implantation in or around the stomach of an obese patient.
As expected, the saline treated control animals (Group 1) also exhibited steady weight gain throughout the study
Additionally, more rapid induction and persistence of tolerance to cow's milk protein appears to be an additional benefit of LGG, especially when compared to rice, soy, and amino acid based formulas.
Theoretical and Experimental Research on the Ultra-fast Electron Diffraction System
the invention relates to a mutant of sucrose phosphorylase,
The E2 gene of classical swine fever virus(CSFV) was optimized in order to be expressed in baculovirus.
Clinical observation of the efficacy on acute cerebral infarction acupuncture therapy combined with ozagrel
a2) up to 90 wt. %, lin relation to the total quantity of the monomers M1) of neutral, monoethylenically unsaturated monomers M1b, whose solubility in water at 25 DEG C is less than 50 g/l and which differ from the monomers M1a; and a3) up to 30 wt. %, lin relation to the total quantity of the monomers M1, of ethylenically unsaturated monomers M1c, which differ from the monomers M1a and M1b,
Studies on Tobacco Witches' Broom Symptom Disease in Yunnan ⅩⅤ The Resistance Determination of Burley Tobacco to the Disease
Effect of DANHONG Injection on Inflammatory Factor in Patients with Unstable Angina Pectoris
Example V (comparative) Using the 20% vitamin E acetate in DC 5329 solution prepared in Example IV, 1 part of this solution and 99 parts de-ionized water were added to a vial.
RECONSTRUCTION OF BLADDER FUNCTION AFTER SPINAL CORD INJURY
The experimental results show that the antitumoral activity of CoW11CpTi stearic acid nanoparticles are higher than that of CoW11CpTi-liposome.
the clear citric acid liquor is jected to primary condensation and crystallization to form crude citric acid crystals;
The treatment of the lateral humeral condylar fracture with fragment fixation pin in 19 children
DNA methylation level and pattern of change will lead to abnormal phenotype or even death.
Infectious RNA agents of plants.
anitbacterial immunization
Study on physicochemical properties of red pigment in garlic husks
b ) results the inventors demonstrated that it is possible to generate male sterile transgenic tobacco plants by heterologous expression of the a. thaliana gene atst2a encoding the 12-ohja sulfotransferase.
its activity can exceed that of vitamin C by 20 time, and can exceed that of vitamin E by 50 times,
The following describes a model to determine the cognitive enhancing activity by measuring the extent the test compound could alleviate the cognitive deficit induced by atropine (30 mg/kg, i.p.) using the Morris Water Maze.
Moreover, directly before the start of filling, the aneurysm 1 may also be imaged together with the catheter 5 with administration of a contrast agent, and the positions of the aneurysm and the catheter are placed in relation to one another (recorded) using image processing means.
At the concentration of 100ug/ml, the expression of VEGF121 mRNA and VEGF165 mRNA were decreased gradually(all P < 0.01
The key role of Rac1 played in mice neutrophils against Candida infection
Results: Compared with the normal group rats, the mRNA expression of TGF-β 1, TGF-βRⅠand TGF-βRⅡ have markedly increase in the modle rats. Whereas Herbs-partition Moxibusition could improve this abnormal status significantly
Results showed that there were similar effects of the 2 components in TGT to PBL,the CD,and CD_8 positive cells all increased (P<0.05). Meanwhile,both components enhanced the PHA-induetion of CD_(25) expression.
Monoclonal antibody to CD4 and CD8 lymphocytes were used to detect the host immune response aroud tumor with immunohistochemical staining.
study on remove inhibition of butyric acid from Clostridium Butyricum fermentation broth using ion-exchange method
The TNM stage classification system of 2009 version introduce significant changes,and it will guide the clinicans to select treating way and to estimate the prognosis.
i.e. the parts of the apparatus for applying energy to an object, which can come into contact with the patient during a ablation procedure are made of or covered by bio- compatible material, i.e. material, which does not negatively influence the patient.
in this paper, two dicyclopentadienyl compounds of titanium ( iv ) dcp2ti ( li ) 2 and cp2ti ( lii ) 2 are synthesized in nonaqueous medium by titanocene dichloride ( cp2ticl2 ) with antitumor activity and salicylic acid ( hli ) or aspirin ( hlii ) which have antimicrobe or antiphlohgist activity. all the complexes are characterized by elementary analysis, 1 h - nmr, 13c - nmr, ir, uv spectra, which prove the ligands coordenate to titanium ( iv ) ion via carboxyl o with losing a hcl molecule in the monodentate mode.
After stirring for 24 h at 50.d egree. C., the copolymer 3 was precipitated in diethyl ether, dried under vacuum, dissolved in water and lyophilised (yield: 83%).
Sulfur mustard-induced changes of IL-2 and IL-6 concentrations and lymphocyte DNA damage in dog peripheral blood
From the correlation coefficient to know development time, setting time, estimating evaluation, peak viscosity and break down with the dumplings total had positive correlation relationships, stability and farinograph quality number of the correlation coefficient wass larger, so the influence of the dumplings is also the biggest
teenage pregnancy
Objective To investigate the value of MRI in the diagnosis of knee meniscus injury.
it also can be use to treat young plant of flower, vegetable and fruit-tree before transplantation, and can raise transplant survical rate
Methods We selected 30 OSAHS patients and 30 patients with simple snoring as controls to undergo electronic laryngoscopy.Roots of uvula,tonsil pole,epiglottis sink were observed and compared at quiet breathing and Muller respiratory status.
method for preparation of ammonium methyl N.N.N-trimethyl-N abietylsulfate
SFM (serum-free medium) with addition of calcium, which serves as positive control.
Effects of Atractylodes macrocephala on spontaneous activity, learning memory and lipid over-oxidation metabolism of mice
The abnormal rate of cystatin C(82.9%) was higher than Scr(22.9%) and Ccr(51.4%)(all P<0.01) in B group.
A reliable system of genetic male sterility would provide advantages.
Methods A descriptive method was used to analyze the Beijing students’(aged 7-18 years) waist circumference,hip circumference and the WHR,and the correlation between distributional characters and the other indices were also analyzed.
METHODS RP-HPLC method was applied to establish the chromatographic fingerprint.Chromatographic condition:Phenomenex-column,gradient elution with acetonitrile-water,the detection wavelength was at 265 nm,flow rate was at 0. 8 mL·min-1,and the column temperature was 35 ℃.
the system withdraw blood from a donor or patient
Results:The positive expression rate of PLCE1 in lung carcinoma tissue was 81. 3%,higher than that in normal lung tissue (12. 5%,χ2=26. 561,P<0.001).
Clinical value of B-mode ultrasound in monitoring ruptured corpus luteum
2) reacting the OPS of step 1) with a sulfide in presence of O-phosphoserine sulfhydrylase (OPSS) or a microorganism expressing OPSS, to produce cysteine or a derivative thereof.
Traditonal Zhuang medicine, linear fried with honey, for chonic injur of the four limbs join
the obtain fermentation liquid can be directly used or formulate into food or remedy, and it is capable of controlling absorption of that cholesterol from an intestinal tract, reducing blood cholesterol level, preventing and treat arteriosclerosis due to its antioxidative activity over LDL
Here, we review the traits of Y-STR and their applications in the study of anthropological research.
This study aimed to assess the implementation of Clinical Practice Guidelines(CPGs) on traditional Chinese medicine(TCM) for hypertension.
(1S)-3,4-Dihydro-1H-2-benzopyran-1-acetic acid
in vitro antibacterial activity of balofloxacin
study on compatibility mechanism of treat Wind-evil to promote blood circulation method
Cross-Coupling Reaction and Its Application in Research of Intramolecular 1, 4-Aromatic Radical Transfer;
The model of Parkinson’s disease was induced by injecting 6-OHDA into the left medial forebrain bundle.The effects of edaravone on the behavior of the rat and the number of positive cells of tyrosine hydroxylase(TH) and glutathione(GSH)in substantia nigra were observed.
The optimized synthesis conditions of N-alkyl glucose amine were determined through the single factor experiment:the molar ratio of D-glucose acid-δ-lactone to aliphatic amine was 1:1. 1, reacted at 60 ℃ for 3 h, and the yield was higher than 90
Psychological Mechanism of the Connotation and Cultivation of Incorruptible Sense to College Students
Compared with the UUO group, losartan treatment largely blunted the expression of TGF-β and α-SMA (P< 0. 01), the level of E-cadherin was upregulated
Paroxetine in the Treatment of Irritable Bowel Syndrome
Conclusion:Aborative nurse and control blood sugar can get good treatment and care results for patients with diabetes mellitus and retinopathy before and after the surgery.
Methods: TFPI antigen (TFPI:Ag) was determined by enzgme-linked immunosorbert assay (ELISA).
if necessary, a monobasic acid such as benzoic acid, crotonic acid or p-t-butylbenzoic acid may be use together
The particles can be abrasive particles, polymer particles, composite particles (e.g., encapsulated particles), organic particles, inorganic particles, clarifying particles, water-soluble particles, and mixtures thereof.
Method: Two hundred patients undergoing caesarean birth and PCApump whose adverse reaction and nuring treatment were analyzed.
Preparation method of molecularly imprinted polymer capable of enriching caffeic acid phenethyl ester
Complement B factors exists in sea cucumber body,and it play an important role in alternative pathway of complement,similar as vertebrate Complement B factor.
Comparing the experiment group (inject pLXSN-bcl-2 in the cerebral ventricle ) with the former two groups, the expression of each temporal point after lack of blood increased obviously (p <0. 005) ,the peak point of expression is the 24th hour after lacking of blood.
Diagnostic value of diffusion-weighted MR imaging in children with virus encephalitis
Examples of such acidic reagents include: acetic acid, methanesulfonic acid, hydrochloric acid, and the like.
comprises hepatitis B virus surface antigen gene HBsAg, core protein gene HBc and e-antigen gene, also comprises a human microRNA181a precursor gene sequence, and can assist stimulating the body immunity pathway.
Apoptosis on multi-drug resistant leukemia cell line K562-n/VCR induced by arsenic trioxide
A recombinant genome or antigenome of the subject virus is modified to encode a mutation within a recombinant protein of the virus at one or more amino acid positions(s) corresponding to a site of an attenuating mutation in a heterologous, mutant negative stranded RNA virus.
Extracting protein from ampullaria gigas by supersonic
Objective To research and discuss the curative effect of trace dopamine combined with phentolamine in the treatment of infants severe pneumonia complicated with heart failure.
Promoter nucleic acid, expression cassette comprising the same, vector and host cell, and method for expressing a gene using the cell
No significant side effects or toxicity were observed.
Antimicrobial and Antitumor Activities of Marine Fungi Isolated from Sediment in Deep Sea
J. Von Loenon, D. Dijkkamp, A.J.Hoeven, J. M. Lenssinck, and J. Dieleman, "Direct writing in Si with a scanning tunneling microscope", Appl. Phys. Lett., Vol.55, pp.1312-1320, 1989.
Patents vary in their responses to any prescribed medications, both with respect to how well it works (its efficacy) and adverse reactions to it (side effects).
The target nucleic acid sequence can be first reverse-transcribed into cDNA if the target nucleic acid is RNA.
a decision is made regarding whether a particular therapeutic and / or diagnostic modality associated with a particular sub-group identified at activity 215 is found to be superior based on its statistical significance as compared with the diagnostic / therapeutic modalities associated with the other sub-groups .
age of menarche
A polyurea based on isophorone diisocyanate (IPDI) and hexamethylene diisocyanate (HDI) and/or their isocyanurate and amines of NCO/NH2 ratio 0.9-1-1 to 1 and a mean molecular weight of at least 5000 is new. An Independent claim is included for preparation of the polyurea by addition of a solvent diluted isocyanate to an amine in a solvent with stirring, heating of the solvent under reflux for 2-3 hours, cooling, separation of the polymer obtained, and vacuum drying of the polymer for 3-6 hours at 130-170 degrees C.
An Immune co-Evolutionary Algorithm for Fuzzy Control
the extrudable mixture 52 contains fibers,
Most chromosomes in the tested seven species were metacentric.
It is easily missed diagnosis or misdiagnosis. The patients who have been treated in the early stage have better prognosis.
MTT and colony formation analyses demonstrated that the cell growth activity and clone formation ratio of MKI67-siRNA transfected QGY-7703 cells were markedly decreased(P < 0. 01).
Eighty eight auditory brainstem response(ABR)were grouped according to the causes of hearing disorder,audiogram types were analyzed variance,linear regression and multiple linear regression for approach the main factors which interferes with the latency-intencity function curves of ABR wave V.The results showed that the click reflex threshold of ABR is the main factor which interfere with the slope.It means that when acoustic stimulation above the threshold was insufficient.the slope would increase.
Furthermore, E-039 could significantly down-regulate the expression levels of MMP2 and phosphorylated Cofilin in BGC823 cells.
Changes of expression of neurotrophins and its receptors in spinal cord injury
study on factor of that transfection efficiency and the optimum conditions for the sperm-mediated gene transfer by electroporation in goat
Methods:Choose 130 cases of elderly patients with lower respiratory tract infection patients from May 2010 to May 2012 in our hospital as research subjects,who met the inclusion and exclusion criteria,and through intravenous given claforan for treatment,4.0/day,one day two times,5 to 15 days for a course of treatment.
10.2. Investigation of Eligibility
study on nadh-glutamate synthase from tianshan white pea
study on T lymphocyte subset in Parkinson's disease
She is allergic to pollen.
the shelf-life of preserve blood components depend upon two major factors: that time period during which the function of the blood components can be maintain in storage, and the reduction of pathogen contamination
Methods Human gastric adenocarcinoma SGC7901 cells were cultured routinely and synchronized at G0/G1 phase in serum-free RPMI-1640. The percentage of the cells at G0/G1 phase was detected by propidium iodide staining and flow cytometry (FCM), and the synchronized cells were cultured in RPMI-1640 supplemented with 2.5% calf serum and treated with 10, 30, and 50 μg/L TGFα for 5 h.
Neutralization enrichment medium for salmonella typhi blood sample
Methods The iodine nutrition status of target population was investigated.
At day 21 post bleomycin challenge, the mortality of saline treated mice was 80%, whereas the mortality of animals, which received CTI was 20% (FIG. 9I).
After verifying the correctness of the construct by restriction and sequencing analysis,the recombinant plasmid was then transfected into Human Embryonic Kidney(HEK)293Tcells and the cell lysates were harvested and separated by SDS-PAGE 48hours after transfection,and subjected to Western blot analysis.
FIG. 8. Improvement of one-step RT PCR performance with modified oligonucleotides.
Results: The mortality was 48 27%.
It was to prepare rabbit antiserum against SUA41 for further study of the function of SUA41 protein and the relationship between SUA41 protein and plant development.
Clinical Characteristics of Femoral Head Necrosis Caused by a Thick Teres Ligament in DDH
Results Treatment group’s average bleeding amount after 2 h of delivery was 342 ± 28 ml,it was obviously less than control group’s 487 ± 35 ml(P < 0. 05),and its average bleeding amount after 24 h of delivery was 467 ± 39 ml,it was also evidently less than control group’s 573 ± 55 ml(P < 0. 05),it has statistics meaning.
The incidence of bladder dysfunctions in radical hysterectomy was 52.4%,significantly higher than other operations(7.1%),P<0.01;
The level of MIF was found to relate to the clinical stages and Gleason scores of prostate cancer(P<0.05).
To Investigate the Relationship between IL-6、IL-8、TNF-α、sICAM-1 and Legionella Pneumophila Infection
A Preliminary Study of Loss of Heterozygosity on Chromosome 6 and 8 in Glioblastoma
When the processes according to the first and second embodiment of this invention are carried out in vivo, that is in living cells, prokaryotic as well as, if the biosynthetic pathway to chorismate is present therein, eukaryotic cells may be used as host cells for the process of the invention.
Relationship between Inhibin, Epidermal Growth Factor and Hypertensive Disorder Complicating Pregnancy
Objective To study the effects of photodynamics therapy(PDT) on the proliferation and apoptosis of human cervical cancer Hela cells,to find new method and theory basis.
The hyoid bone, most part of thyroid cartilage and the gap before epiglottis exsected while arytenoids cartilage of one side, 1/3 thyroid cartilage and 1/3 true vocal cord were reserved in the subtotal laryngectomy operation
target that Coh. PE38 toxin via DC-SIGN/L. doc increased the 7-AAD positive population to 53.7%. with a similar los of the viable DC scatter population
STUDY ON OPTIMUM NUTRIENT REQUIREMENTS OF PAULOWNIA ELONGATA AND ROBINIA PSEUDOACACIA SEEDLINGS
Methods:One hundred and ninety four patients with PDD from Jun,2010 to Jun,2011 were randomly divided into two groups equally(97 cases).All the patients were treated with basic therapy.
RAPD Analysis of Cytoplasmic Male Sterile Lines of Nian-Type Wheat
Objective To discuss the clinical applications of intraoperative cholangiography(IOC) in laparoscopic cholecystectomy(LC).
Cisplatin-Based Chemotherapy in the Management of Germ Cell Tumors of Ovary
Besides,8-Prenylnaringenin also can enhance the mRNA level of bFGF,IGF-1,osterix,BMP-2 and Runx-2. The 8-prenylnaringenin with final concentration 1×10-6 mol/L can predominantly promote ROB differentiation and biomineralization.
Methods Forty-eight patients with LABC were treated with docetaxel 75mg/m 2,d1;
increase that copy number of a particular gene, modif proteins ( e. g., regulatory proteins, suppressors, enhancer, transcriptional activators and the like) involved in transcription of a particular gene and/or translation of a particular gene product
Cleaning your Skin - To remove germs from your skin, the nurse will give you antiseptic sponges and tell you what area of the chest or back to clean for the 5 days before your operation
Results of enzymatic hydrolysis mechanism indicated that β-xylosidase released xylose from non-reducing ends of xylooligosaccharides by cutting off β-1,4-glycosidic bond.The optimum substrate of β-xylosidase was short-chain xylooligosaccharides.With chain length of xylooligosaccharides increased,the enzyme hydrolysis efficiency decreased gradually and xylan was hardly to be degraded.
Thereafter, TS-1 synthesized by DGC method was used as catalyst in the hydroxylation of benzene, phenol and oxidation of pyridine, respectively, with H2O2 as oxidizer. Various parameters, such as the influence of solvents, catalyst amount, the amount of H2O2, reaction temperature, and reaction time on conversion and selectivity were investigated
Pseudorabies virus induces proliferation inhibition and changes of cell cycle in ST cell line
Results The total incidence of influenza was 10.1% in Longgang district. The incidence of influenza of the 0-3 years-old infants group was significant higher than that of other age groups (P< 0.05).
RESEARCH ON CYSTIDIA AND SPORES CHARACTERISTICS FOR FORM OF COPRINUS FUNGIES
There was a obvious positive correlation between HCV Ag and Fas Ag ( r =0 546, P < 0 01
Evaluation Research on Chlorophyll Concentration Retrieval by FLH Algorithm in Bohai Sea;
in which R1 and R2 are identical or different and are C6-C9 alkyl, b ) 0 to 50 mol% of compound of that formula ( 1 )
Using an overlap criterion with respect to the (y.sub.near) boundary, which may be provided via a sonication grid density, the first treatment is placed.
Conclusion An expression system of HBsAg in ginseng cells was constructed
Effects of Different Regenerating Methods on Adsorption of 724 Resin for Lysozyme in Egg White
Study on the Change Rules of Physiochemical Indexes During the Fermentation Process of Beer
p-tolyl acetate
The reseach on the countermeasure and the treatment of upper urinary calculi by the way of minimally invasive percutaneous nephrolithotomy
Analyst of Alcoholicity in Blood
Conclusion Visual training has significant therapeutic effect on young patients with inadequate adjustment.on the inadequate of young people adjust therapy in patients with significant
Results:the mean operation time was 25 min;with almost no bleeding;all patients were no secondary bleeding,hematoma,infection.
Optimization of Medium Compositions for Baker's Yeast Fermentation by Pattern Recognition Method
In 1992 Dr Prasher also cloned GFP, so that it no longer had to be harvested from living creatures
Application of infrared-ray scan technique in observing the graft effect of tissue engineering skin
Alteration of the membrane fluidity, PLA2 activity, respiratory control rate (RCR),P/0 ratio and oxidative phosphorylation rate(OPR) of cervical cord mitochondria were observed after cervical cord injury.
Objective: To explore the expression of BTG1 in renal clear cell carcinoma(RCCC) and its role in 786-O cells proliferation and apoptosis in vitro.
The most preferred anionic cellulose esters have an acid number from about 40 to about 90 and the substitutent type matches the neutral cellulose ester component in the polymer blend or composite.
The production method of the strain comprises the following five steps of: culture medium preparation, strain activation, liquid seed preparation, liquid fermentation and bactericide preparation.
The technical scheme is as follows: the food is characterized by comprising the following raw materials in parts by weight: 0.1-5 parts of galatooligosaccharide, 0.5-6 parts of fructo-oligose, 0.5-8 parts of polydextrose, 0.1-1.5 parts of dioscorea opposite extract, 0.1-2.5 parts of malt and 0.5-3 parts of red dates.
Results DQ of adaptability and language improved after treatment in both groups(P<0.05),and improved more in the observation group than in the control group(P<0.05).
Objective To investigate diagnostic value of emergency endoscopy on cause and region of upper gastrointestinal massive bleeding, and to know the effect of emergency endoscope therapy.
Interleukin-2 Receptor and NK Cell in Children with Idiopathic Thrombocytopenic Purpura
③The LVEF determined by Simpson’s modified biplane method correlated closely with LVEF determined by RT3DE (r=0.912,P<0.001).
Anti-VEGF therapies have been used successfully in the clinic, encouraging their use in the treatment of other neovascular eye diseases
Methods A total of 50 patients diagnosed as alpha H1N1 influenza were randomly divided into treatment group and control group.Patients in the two groups were treated with oseltamivir;additionally,26 patients in the treatment group were treated with intravenous drip of Tanreqing Injection.
Effect of Qifu Decoction and its Components on Immunological Function in the Immunodepressive Mice
that prevent dissociation of a transthyretin tetramer
The adsorption distributions of three nucleic acid bases(cytosine,thymine,uracil) on silver electrodes surface were investigated by surface enhanced Raman scattering(SERS) along with change relationship of electrode potential.
The clinical data of the two groups were compared after the treatment.
Objective:To observe the expresion of endothelin-1(ET-1)and hypoxia inducible factor-1α(HIF-1α)in gastric mucosa of rats with blood stasis due to cold accumulation(BTCA)and effect on the blood flow and hemorheolog.
There were 18 cases of type SDD, 3 SDL, 1 ILL AND 1 IDD, with 12 cases of subaortic VSD, 3 subpulmonay VSD including 2 TaussingBing deformity, 5 doubly committed VSD and 3 noncommitted VSD
Results The preparation showed no sign of blood vessels irritation after the treatment of rabbit vein;the skin allergic reaction was not seen on guinea pigs in the test;no hemolysis and blood clots response in hemolysis test in vitro was observed;no passive cutaneous anaphylaxis was witnessed in rats.
Conclusion Compared with the control group,implanted sustained-release fluorouracil for gastric cancer can significantly reduce the recurrence rate 1 to 2 years after surgery and improve the overall survival rate 2 to 3 years after surgery without increasing the incidences of the postoperative complications and adverse reaction.
it has been shown to have strong anti- tumor activity in several in vivo animal models including major tumor types such as lung , breast , ovary , pancreas , colon and stomach cancer and malignant melanoma .
In the first stage of fruit development,abscisc acid(ABA)content was high while GA 1+3 content was low.
human uterine globin 13
Reduced Serum Medium, Low Protein Medium containing Insulin, Transferrin, Selenium and L-Glutamine
To study the stem cell could explore the puzzle of human development, and could hope to produce the artificial organ as a replacement of the diseased one in the future.
We corroborated these findings in vivo by showing substantial prevention of mortality after simultaneous administration of staphylococcal enterotoxin B with either heat-killed staphylococci or Staphylococcus aureus peptidoglycan in mouse models of superantigen-induced toxic shock syndrome.
The liver-protective and immunomodulative effect of Shahepatide in mice with immune liver injury
Active peanut shell carbon(750℃) as adsorbent,fluorescein sodium as adsorbate,the influences of carbonization temperature,dosage,initial pH,ionic strength,adsorption time,and concentration on adsorption effect were investigated in the test.
Among the exposed workers,the MN frequency also increased significantly with age(FR=1. 13,95%CI: 1. 00-1. 28;P < 0. 05).
Cloning and Expression Analysis of ChWRKY2 from Corylus heterophylla under Low Temperature Stress
Structural and thermogravimetric properties were investigated by XRD and TG-DTA,electrochromic properties were investigated by electrochemical workstation and ultraviolet visible spectroscopy.
During storage,sensory scores of the control group was significantly lower than the film groups(P<0.05).
Cloning,Expression, Purification and Biological Activity Analysis of Rat Sonic Hedgehog N-terminal Genes
Electroenterogram manifestations and significance in hypokalemia
Conclusion Flurescence microbubbles can not only enter lymph vessel to make lymph node development,but also deliver a high concentration of fluorescence microbubbles in the regional lymph node by lowpressure ultrasound in rabbit models.
Method:60 cases (age:8~71 years old) had been divided into observation group and routinal group who received simple eyeball removement or enncleate of ocular component plus silicon sponge filling observated for rejection complication ocular prosthesis movement aesthetic effect
All patients were ablated successfully,the time of effective discharge was 11,the power of radiofrequency current ranged from 30 to 50 walts(43±6 walts),the duration of delivery ranged from 270 to 480 seconds(379±81 seconds),which were much more than those in control group (36±4 walts,240±23 seconds,respectively, P <0.05).
All 4 patients with T2 tumor are still alive now.The patient with T3 tumor was diagnosed UGC after LC,without reoperation,and died of tumor metastasis 42 months after LC.
R9 and R10 are, each independently, H, an alkyl group, an alkenyl group, an alkynyl group, an aryl group, or a heterocyclic group;
Synthesis of Trimethylolpropane Esters and their Emulsification-resistive Properties
Sixteen cases of cerebral infarction after head trauma in children aged 11 monthes to 14 years were reported. The main clinical features were trauma with or without transient disturbance of consciousness; limb palsy usually occured during 1 to 24 hours after trauma
Conclusion It is indicated that mechanism of the protection afforded by CCEB was closely related to its decreasing XO activity and inhibiting lipid peroxidation during HIRI.
The questionnaire was designed to measure the cognition of disease-related knowledge,treatment compliance awareness,H.pyliori eradication rate,and demographic characteristics.
Objective To investigate TB- related knowledge,attitudes and behaviors among tuberculosis patients in Luohu District,Shenzhen City,and to explore the emphasis and countermeasures of TB prevention and control.
The effect of 17β-estradiol on the production of nitric oxide induced by oxidized low density lipoprotein
Results Four weeks later treatment group and control group were significant differences,but liver improvement no differences.
in that treatment of melanoma, prostate, leukemia, lymphoma, non-small cell lung cancer, cancer of the central nervous system, breast, colon, ovarian, renal canc
At the development phase of brain it is induced by the low-abundance expressed abnormal functional product through affecting the development of corresponding nerves. At the attack of mature phase of brain development it was caused by the high-abundance expressed abnormal functional product in resulting in the abnormal character of neuron function and through the plasticity of brain
Thus SIRT6 may be a master regulator that coordinates stress and DNA repair activities, according to Gorbunova
Preparation and Characterization of the Membrane of N -Butylchitosan for Ofloxacin
RESULTS The infection rate of this virus was 5. 65%,spring is the season with high concurrency,the city of Nanjing and Ji`nan are the highly infection area,and also the infection of parainfluenza virus is not confined to one type.
The photosynthetic physiological indicators were mea-sured by LI-6400 photosynthetic instrument.The pigments and antioxidase activities of the leaves were determined by general method in plant physiology.
The results were as follows:(1) Roots length, roots number, fresh root weight and dry weight of 3-day-old and 10-day-old seedlings all decreased by > 5 mg/L Cr~(6+), the root growth of 3-day-old seedlings was more sensitive to Cr~(6+) stress than that of 10-day-old seedlings
Screening and identification of denitrifying bacillus strain and its denitrification characteristics
Conclusion It was a better efficacy that esophageal cancer patients about early and middle stage were treated by radiotherapy.
Methods:Detected micro scale serum bilirubin for newborn infants born in our hospital during the period of 2000.1 to 2001.9.Compared the incidence of hyperbilirubinemia within two neonatal groups, that is caesarean birth group and natural birth group
An agent, such as a drug, used to treat disease or injury.
This review focus on the features and manifestations of induced defenses,described respectively anatomical changes in periderm,phloem and xylem,the biosynthesis of terpenoids and phenolics,and summarized latest progress of induced defenses molecular mechanism research.
Expression of vascular endothelial growth factor in human astrocytomas
Chromosomal Location of Genes for Heat Tolerance as Measured by Membrane Thermostability of Common Wheat cv. Hope
The technological conditions of modified cationic starch with acrylamide had been explored. The results showed that the best conditions were as followed : reaction temperature 50℃, reaction time 8. 0h, the substitute degree of cationic starch 0. 026, 3% mass fraction of acrylamide
Effects of lead on lipid peroxidation in the liver of pregnant rats and their embryos
Effect on Protein Synthesis by Related Genes of Fluorosis
Results After the PCI operation,the incidence rate of postoperative complications,the average hospital stay and the incidence rate of cardiovascular events 6 months after the operation in the group received IABP were obviously lower or shorter than those in the group which did not receive the IABP(P<0.05).
it is that three measures of mechanical filtration for removing particle foreign matter, UV-ray sterilization and high polymer filter membrane sterilization are combined together so as to prepare the sterile liquid culture medium.
The re sults showed that the average daily gain during the whole period of the S 2, S 3 group increased by 5.7% and 11.4% respectively. The diarrhoea rate decreased by 15%.\;
Effects of Nitrogen Implantation into Poly-Silicon Gate on 4.6nm Gate Oxide Properties
The main cause of epilepsy in the elderly was cerebrovascular disease which accounted for 42. 5%,followed by metabolic disturbances,intracranial tumors,brain degenerative diseases and brain traumas.
Number of patients (%), [number of cases]
Carboxylic acid betaine type gemini surfactant and preparation method
According to a specific embodiment, the light source and the detector are arranged in relation to an interventional device, so as to be able to examine a tissue in terms of lipid- water ratio and scattering during an intervention.
The isoelectric point of Corynebacterium glutamicum was 4. 2,and the dispersed cells could be effectively formed floc by adding the flocculant of sodium polyacrylate when the pH of isoelectric mother liquor was kept 3. 2,where its bacterial zeta potential was positive.
the system include arrhythmia detection and pacing therapy delivery capability and optionally, cardioversion and defibrillation capabilities
Flos trollii was the dry flower of Trollius chinensis Bung, and active constituent was the total flavonoids.It was used widely as a traditional herb among the people and was always put into use in treating upper respiratory tract infection, acute otitis media and acute conjunctivitis, et al
Analysis of the therapeutic efficacy of mifepristone for termination of early pregnancy in 40 cases
after concentrating the reaction mixture,
When the molar ratio of BaCO_3 and SiO_2 was 2:1, the solid phase reaction velocity was the fastest.
Method The twenty patients were randomly divided into two groups: the hemoperfusion combined hemodialysis group and the hemoperfusion combined continuous renal replacement treatment(CRRT) group.
2) nucleic acid adsorption: the rude lysis solution obtained in step 1 is mixed with lyse combined liquid and magnetic bead suspension to form a solution system containing magnetic nanosphere-DNA composite body, and the magnetic nanosphere-DNA composite body in the solution system is collected;
The diagnostic efficiency of BNP in three groups was assessed using ROC curve analysis and compared with that of non-age-specific group..
Objective To analyze the antimicrobial susceptibility of lactic acid bacteria(LAB) from yogurt,and to provide references for evaluating the safety of LAB and screening safe strains.
In this work a full automatic chemiluminescence immune analyzer was designed and fabricated base on photomultiplier tube(PMT).Experiments were conducted in which the prolactin(PRL) was taken as a detection object,the Horse Radish Peroxidase(HRP) served as Markey enzyme,and the Pierce Luminol(excitation substrate) was employed as a light resource.The PMT data obtained by the chemiluminescence immune detection system was processed,calibrated through the number of light emitting detection of five different consistency of PRL.
He suffered a heart attack while undergoing surgery to bypass three arteries
lithiated metal phosphate compounds are prepared by reacting precursor materials under reducing conditions,
Purification and Some Biochemical Properties of Soluble Era Protein Overexpressed by Its Recombinant Gene in Escherichia coli
Methods11 cases diagnosed with stones in bile ducts within left lobes of livers were operated hepatectomy according to the stones location
In this step, each detection strand having a base sequence complementary to the target nucleic acid strand and the target nucleic acid strand form a double strand, so that a sandwich hybrid of the capture strand 21-target nucleic acid strand-detection strand is formed.
External beam radiation to prevent restenosis after superficial femoral artery balloon angioplasty
Once they reside on a computer, RATs are hard to detect and remove.
specific example of that above dihydric phenol include hydroquinone, resorcinol, 4, 4'-biphenol, 1, 1-bis ( 4-hydroxyphenyl ) ethane, 2, 2-bis ( 4-hydroxyphenyl ) propane ( commonly referred to as" bisphenol A" ), 2, 2-bis ( 4-hydroxy-3-methylphenyl ) propane, 2, 2-bis ( 4-hydroxyphenyl ) butane, 1, 1-bis ( 4-hydroxyphenyl ) -1-phenylethane, 1, 1-bis ( 4-hydroxyphenyl ) cyclohexane, 1, 1-bis ( 4-hydroxyphenyl ) -3, 3, 5-trimethylcyclohexane, 2, 2-bis ( 4-hydroxyphenyl ) pentane, 4, 4'- ( p-phenylenediisopropylidene ) diphenol, 4, 4'- ( m-phenylenediisopropylidene ) diphenol, 1, 1-bis ( 4-hydroxyphenyl ) -4-isopropylcyclohexane, bis ( 4-hydroxyphenyl ) oxide, bis ( 4-hydroxyphenyl ) sulfide, bis ( 4-hydroxyphenyl ) sulfoxide, bis ( 4-hydroxyphenyl ) sulfone, bis ( 4-hydroxyphenyl ) ketone, bis ( 4-hydroxyphenyl ) ester, 2, 2-bis ( 3, 5-dibromo-4-hydroxyphenyl ) propane, bis ( 3, 5-dibromo-4-hydroxyphenyl ) sulfone, bis ( 4-hydroxy-3-methylphenyl ) sulfide, 9, 9-bis ( 4-hydroxyphenyl ) fluorene, and 9, 9-bis ( 4-hydroxy-3-methylphenyl ) fluorene.
The cell that the target cell of insulin action basically has liver cell, adipose cell, muscle cell, blood cell, lung and kidney, spermary cell.
Research on Clinical Diagnosis Method of the Displacement of Cow Left Abomasum
induce formation of vitreous shoot of Carnation under different condition and it's physiological characteristics
Another 30 SD rats were randomized into the control group,SAP group and SAP+recombinant rat VEGF injection group,and the vascular permeability of the pancreatic microcirculation was determined by Evans Blue leakage test.
In paclitaxel treatment, 15% of patients were suffered with Ⅳ neutropenia grade disease, 15% of patients were suffered withⅡ / Ⅲ grade sensory neuropathy, 23% of patients were suffered withⅡ / Ⅲ grade myalgia, 46% of patients?were suffered with hair loss.
DNA methyltransferase inhibitors in myelodysplastic syndrome.
Objective:To observe the effect Acupuncture and Traditional Chinese medicine Fumigation for Simple Obesity.
The optimum formulation was obtained through orthogonal design with the particle size and entrapment efficiency as the requirement, ie, concentration of chitosan, insulin and TPP wasl. 6mg/ml, 0.64mg/ml and 0.6mg/ml, respectively
human TNFR/NGFR protein 51 contain cytochrome C structure domain as one new kind of polypeptide and polynucleotides encode this polypeptide
The promoter may regulate expression constitutively, or differentially, with respect to the tissue in which expression occurs.
Conclusions Persistent inflammation state might be responsible for the elevation of serum CRP level in patients with diabetic nephropathy. Serum CRP level is correlative with renal function damage
Computer Programs for Polymerase Chain Reaction (PCR) Primer Design
Transverse myelitis with systemic lupus erythmatosus(including 1 case report)
ice wat and 2.1 ml of 1 N hydrochloric acid were added to that residue, follow by extraction with ethyl acetate-tetrahydrofuran ( 1:2 );
A laboratory study was made on the effects of transgenic corn expressing cry1Ab toxin from the bacterium Bacillus thuringiensis(Bt) on the life table of an experimental population of corn leaf aphid Rhopalosiphum maidis Fitch.
Cell wall is of type I,G+C content in the DNA is 71.2 moles %.
For example U.S. Pat. No. 7,875,296 by Binette et al teaches conformable tissue implant for use in repairing or augmenting a tissue defect or injury site that may contain stem cells
R is an acyl linkage.
Experimental study of fire acupuncture on parenchyma with chronic injury
in some embodiment, that antibody is conjugated to a chemotherapeutic agent, radioisotope, toxin, or an effector that induce a cytolytic or cytotoxic immune response
5)×102 L·(mol·s)-1,while that measured for anionic TCS was(1. 8±0.1)×104 L·(mol·s)-1. The reaction between HFeO-4 and the dissociated TCS controls the overall reaction.A linear free-energy relationship illustrated the electrophilic oxidation mechanism.
Initially, mesophilic enzymes may also be utilized to degrade cell wall proteins or other contaminants
Prior to insertion of the device into a patient, a force may be applied to the deformation means in order to cause elastic deformation of the device.
Method: The adverse pregnant outcome in 168 pregnant women with latent syphilis was studied.The patiens were divided into two groups based on the time of treatment: early-midterm pregnancy group and late pregnancy or non-treatment group.The incidence rate of congenital syphilis were compared between the two groups.
Clinical Evaluation of Low Molecular Weight Heparin in the Treatment of Diabetic Peripheral Vasculopathy
the aliphatic isocyanate or diisocyanate includes both straight-chain aliphatic and branched chain aliphatic compounds as well as cycloaliphatic compounds.
Optical and scanning electron microscopy are used to study the morphology of the cortex and its ciliary structures in non-dividers and dividers of Euplotes encysticus(colected Shanghai
spiro orthocarbonate expansion monomer 3, 9-diethyl-3, 9-dihydroxymethyl-1, 5, 7, 11-tetraoxaspiro [5. 5]undecane was synthesized by two steps, and then expansion monomer prepolymer was prepared by copolymerization of expansion monomer and the polyurethane prepolymer which was prepared with 2, 4-toluene diisocyanate and propylene glycol
Real-time PCR analysis showed that the expression of Sc-cMDH was higher in leaves and roots than that in stems of sugarcane.
Objective To compare the touch DNA extraction effects by the magnetic beads method with three preprocess protocols.
The alkali metal compound and alkaline earth metal compound was chose as the active component, the effects of different supporters and precursors for the catalytic activity are studied and it was found that the impregnation using Ca(NO3)2 solution as the precursor and ZrO2 as the supporter was a good method to prepare the CaO/ZrO2 catalyst
The KIR genotype of 50 patients with leukemia and 60 healthy controls in northern. Hans were analyzed by PCR-SSP.
The cells were observed for morphology and identified by immunohistochemistry and RT-PCR.
Thus, if sample capsules falling outside the predetermined weight ranges are detected, a certain amount of time passes before the system corrects the dose of pharmaceutical material.
Similarly, they may have other routes of administration including intranasal or inhalation.
Cloning and Sequence Analysis of Changbai Porcine Interferon-γ Gene
Result It is significant difference in the stage of labor , the intensity of uterus shrink, the cesarean section and the vaginal delivery frequency among three groups.
Conclusion External application of medical external application is not only effective but also convenient in the treatment of PICC-induced phlebitis.
Methods The serum IGF-1 level was measured by specific radioimmunoassays(RIA); the serum IGFBP-3 level by immunoradio-assays(IRMA
The frequency of cancer in patients who had endoscopic resection of neoplasia did not differ from that for the surveillance population as a whole, irrespective of whether the lesion was thought to be an adenoma or a dysplasia-associated lesion/mass
Antioxidation and Hypolipidemic Effect Mechanisms and Their Active Components in Black Rice;
Comprehensive mapping of protein expression profiles in activated and non-activated peripheral blood mononuclear cells
Use of PPAR agonists for the treatment of congestive heart failure
samples without Para-protein (n=165) were performed relation test. The coefficient of relation between CE and AGE is 0.929 for albumin, 0.924 for for α1-globulin, 0.841 for α2-globulin, 0.789 for β-globulin, 0.926 for γ-globulin. There was no significant difference (P< 0.001
the present invention, therefore, is a proces for that crystallization of an adipic acid-containing oxidation product produced by the nitric acid oxidation of cyclohexanone ( K) and cyclohexanol ( A), said oxidation product comprise adipic acid, glutaric acid and nitric acid, said process comprising, introducing into a first crystallize said oxidation product
Clinical Analysis and Comparison between Two Double Eyelid Plasty
Cancer/Testis antigen (CT antigen)
A Research on Caregivers’ Quality of life and Family Influence in Family Management Model on Treating Chronic Mental Patients
it is that color of the detection zone that correlate with the urine ion strength, or specific gravity of the urine, which reflects a person's hydration status.
Fibular nerve damage during popliteal fossa operation
The .alpha. HSP70 IgG2 antibody is secreted as heavy chain only dimer (Western blots under denaturing gel (dimer) and non denaturing gel (monomer) conditions FIG. 14).
Expression of E-cad and MMP-2 in Human Adenomyosis and Its Significance
The cultures were refed with medium A containing 10% FCS annd were cultured for 48 hours
The research of bone tissue engineering provides new thought and method to repair mass bone defect.
Disclosed are methods for the treatment and/or prevention of Type 2 diabetes, insulin resistance and disease states and conditions characterized by insulin resistance, obesity, hyperglycemia, hyperinsulinemia and Type 1 diabetes,
Internalization of the INCA-X antibody was verified by confocal microscopy, as described (Fransson et al., 2004).
Objective:To investigate the clinical curative effect of Qibei Mixture with Bifidobacterium Tetravaccine Tablets treatment of irritable bowel syndrome.
Materials and Methods: In 11 patients (6 men, 5 women; aged 25 - 65 years old) with epidermoid cyst, CT scan of the head was performed with a GE Type - C 1600 scanner in axial plane taken OM as base line before and after the injection contrast
For mediastinal lymphonodus swelling, 15 cases(21.4%) were observed with CT, but only 7 cases(10.0%) with X-ray radiography
the retard 838 may be a retarding film attache to that output surface of the combining pbs 822
It is predicted that China’s annual number of lung cancer will be over one million by 2025. The prognosis of lung cancer is closely related to the clinical stages,and the five-year survival rate is from 90% to below 5% from stage 0 to Ⅳ.
target tumor therapy
suitable acetylize agents include in particular acetic acid anhydride and acetyl chloride, that acetylation take place in the usual manner and preferably in the presence of a solvent, such as benzene, acetic acid and the like, possibly also in the presence of catalysts
Establishment of Nude Mouse Models with HCV Infection in Bodys
Results Fifty-one lesions were found in 25 patients,including unilateral and isolated lesions in 13 patients,unilateral and multiple lesions in 4,isolated and bilateral lesions in 3,as well as multiple and bilateral lesions in 5 patients.The maximum diameters of 14 lesions were from anteriomedialis to posterolateral in axial CT images.
leaf samples from each plant were inoculated with either European corn borer ( Ostrinia nubilalis ) or fall armyworm ( Spodoptera frugiperda ) by placing 10 first instar larvae onto each leaf piece .
Treatment of distal clavicle fracture with locking distal clavicle plate
Biological characteristics of bovine jugular vein conduit fixed with epoxy chloropropan
introduction of resistant gene and production of high yield materials resistant to soybean cyst nematode for sum soybean
The incidence rate of infectious diseases in Chongqing maintained about 250/100 000 or so, which was higher than the national level (190/10 000), however, the incidence rate of infectious diseases of Kaixian was rising year after year, even that of the recent two years has been reached up to more than 1.5 times higher than that of the whole country
Crystal violet(CV) displays sensitive voltammetric responses at a the conductive carbon black paste electrode(CCBPE).Herein the redox mechanism of CV on the CCBPE was studied.In the Britton-Robinson buffer solution of pH 8. 0,an irreversible and adsorption-controlled oxidation reaction with 2 electrons participated occurs.
NIH 3T3 cells were transfected with pGL3-mPerl-7.2kb as described above and cells were exposed to 10-6 M forskolin as a positive control , 10-6 M isoproterenol ( a beta-adrenergic agonist ) , 10-6 M propranolol ( a beta-adrenergic antogonist ) , 10-6 M phenylephrine ( an alpha-adrenergic agonist ) , and 10-6 M pentolamine ( an alpha-adrenergic antagonist ) .
symmetrical swel of skeletal muscles
Some were embedded in paraffin, and the others were reserved at -80 . (2) PCR was used to detect SV40, JCV and BKV in glioma and normal tissues.
The term hypergonadotropic hypogonadism refers to any process in which ovarian function is decreased or absent (hypogonadism
vascular forceps
Irregulatity of liver surface, loss of normal ratio of hepatic lobes
Studies of the pig interleukin 2(IL-2) eukaryon expression plasmid on cellular immune responses of BALB/c mice immuned with pcDNA-PRRSV-ORF5 DNA vaccine
in ord to investigate that CT features of early bacterial abscess of the live, CT materials of 16 cases of early bacterial hepatic abscesses confirm by pathology or other clinical methods were analysed retrospectively in this article
The IC50 values of the ligroin level,the chloroform level,the acetidin level extraction were 103. 91μg/mL,57.91μg/mL,101.80μg/mL respectively while the n-butyl alcohol level and the water level had very weak induce pharmacologic actions.
Effects of basic fibroblast growth factor on myocardial injury in pneumonia rats
A study of CMV infection among Heroin Addicts
Cytokines in experimental cancer cachexia
[Methods]30 SD rats were randomly divided into 3 groups according to their weight and were exposed to toluene of different concentrations(0,130 and 1 300 mg/m3 respectively) for 2 and 24 hours,then the serum and ovary of the rats were collected; Radioimmunoassay was applied to determine the sex hormone(E2 and P4) in serum; the ovary samples were stained with HE and the number of follicles was calculated.
Research Progress of Empirical Antimicrobial Therapy on Necrotizing Enterocolitis and Sepsis in Neonates
The main pathogenic bacteria was gram-negative bacilli,gram-positive and fungi followed.
The findings show that the silver fiber has good inhibition effect on the drug resistant bacteria containing ampicillin resistant plasmids and it even leads to bacterial expansion and rupture.
Industrialized Production of Beer Yeast Extractive
Conclusion Leptin maybe participates in nosogenesis of asthma.Simple obesity may be a single risk factor for childhood asthma.
Non-natural chiral amino acid derivative with di-organic phosphate group and synthesis method thereof
Results The total positive rate was 31. 8%(489/1 540),21 isoforms were checked out,HPV16,58,31 were seen mostly in high risk and HPV6,11 were seen mostly in low risk.
When D,L-lactide/SF mass ratio was 6:1,complex crystal could be formed,and the melt point of copolymers increased with increasing D,L-lactide/SF ratios.
In some cases, it may be necessary to surgically remove damaged tissue and then apply calcium gluconate (5%aqueous solution) to the affected area.
Methods: Totally 25 pathological internet adolescent users and 25 ordinary adolescents were chosen according to clinical diagnosis and psychological tests.A space Stroop task was adopted to inspect the information selection between internet addicts and ordinary adolescents.
Methods urogenital tract samples from patients with urogenitaltract infection were tested to detect Mycoplasma by MDI and culture. The positive and conformable ratewere calculated and the results were compared by ¦Ö test.
Psychic intervention during pregnancy on the psychological status of pregnant and parturient women
Analysis of 190 Reports of Adverse Drug Reaction Induced by Statins
A new full-length cDNA clone encoding phytoene desaturase gene was isolated from stigma of saffron using RT-PCR and RACE techniques( (GenBank accession No. AY 183118) ).
METHOD:D-galactose-induced model senile mice was used, giving Tiandi Tang extracts, measuring the activities of GSH-Px, Na+, K+-ATPase and the content of MDA of testide mitochondrion
The quenched film is again irradiated to provide the activation dose, typically from 1 to 10 Mrad.
Acute Phase Proteins: Antithrombin, Plasma Fibronectin, Transthyretin and Albumin, Their Locations in Amphioxus and the Changes of Their Concentrations after Treatment with LPS
Analysis of The Immunofluorescent Pattern of ANA in the 105 SLE Patients
MSC can differentiate into bone, cartilage, nerve, adipose, cardiac, smooth muscle, hepatic and skin cells.
Conclusion Superselective BAE is a safe and effective treatment with little trauma and low incidence of complications for intractable and massive haemoptysis.
THE STUDY OF CELLULAR ADHESION MOLECULE (CD44 ) IN PERIPHERAL BLOOD OF RENAL CARCINOMA
Analysis of noninvasive parameters in the cardiomyopathy patients with high risk for sudden death
It can cause hydrolysis of double- or single-stranded DNA or RNA.
Expression of survivin in squamous cell carcinoma, adenocarcinoma of the uterine cervix and its clinical significance
Methods: HSV-1 or HSV-2 was captured by anti-HSV glycoprotein monoclonal antibodies coating to polypropylene micro-centrifugal tubes
protein shift
Results:The tumor cells proliferation activity of the experimental group with PDTC processing were inhibited obviously(P<0.01) in a time and dose dependent.Compared with the control group,the expression of VEGF of PDTC group cells was downregulated in a dose-dependent manner(P<0.01).
Method Compare the component and difference of the newborn hemolytic disease expenditure between before and after CP,analyze the key taches of CP.
The invention farther concerns the reagent box detecting the point of discontinuity of the gene and its application.
isolation and identification of Clostridium perfringens induce sudden death syndrome of canine
We found that NETosis could be induced by anti-LAMP-2 antibody.Immunofluorescence analysis revealed that PR3,MPO,and LAMP-2 were all localized in extracellular chromatin fibers.Activation of NETosis has been shown to involve with NADPH oxidase activity.
polyacrylic acid having an average molecular weight of about 1800 Daltons, polyacrylic acid having an average molecular weight of about 450,000 Daltons, polyacrylic acid having an average molecular weight of about 1,250,000 Daltons and polyacrylic acid having an average molecular weight of about 3,000,000 Daltons.
however, only establish stem cell lines from that rat ( lannaccone, et al., 1994, supra ) and the mouse ( Bradley, et al., Nature 309: 255-256, 1984 ) have been report to participate in normal development in chimeras.
Lactobacillus rhamnosus CHCC12697 strain that was deposited with the German Collection of Microorganisms and Cell Cultures (DSMZ) under accession no. DSM24616 or a mutant strain thereof, wherein the mutant strain is obtained by using the deposited
the present invention disclose a method of making, composition and method of using high performance UV cross-linked polymer functionalized molecular sieve/polymer mix matrix membranes ( MMMs) with either no macrovoids or voids of less than several angstroms at that interface of the polymer matrix and the molecular sieves
We also find that response-adaptive randomization procedure can reduce sample sizes significantly in clinical trials.
mutant of Aspergillus niger 3. 2130, deficient in acid protease expression, have been isolated after in vivro UV-mutagenesis of conidiospores and selected by halo-screening on the gelatin/casein plate
The brain water content and AQP4 expression all reached its peak at CIR48~72h.
Methods The expression of p73 mRNA was detected in 32 human NSCLC tissues, para cancer tissues, 7 lung benign lesion tissues and matched non cancer lung tissues by semiquantitative reverse transcriptase polymerase chain reaction (RT PCR).
A reduction of the intracorporeal protein C concentration results in severe coagulation complications such as deep vein thromboses and lung embolisms.
The seventh chapter analyzes the clause- coherent function and textual -cohesive function of Chinese and Korean rhetorical mood adverbs.
The dressing can be used for skin chronic ulcer, burn wound, scald wound, especially deep second degree burn wound,
the CC acylase activity at pH 8.7 of each of that mutant acylase as listed in Table 2 was determine in the same manner as described above.
Conclusion: Monosodium glutamate and sodium citrate improve the aluminum retention in tissues and decrease plasma antioxidant capacity
Serum GH level of black seabream is the highest in June (P <0. 01).
There was significant correlation between urineβ2-MG, Alb lev- els and pathologic grades(P<0.05), also betweenβ2-MG/Cr, Alb/Cr levels and pathologic grades(P<0.01).
2. Take material, section parattin wax and stain of histocyte Anesthesia was applied to all the rats again at 3h, 6h, 12h, 24hand 72h after injury.
21(16.7%)were positive antigen for HFRS virus in 126 specimens of lungs.
In addition to the monomer mixture and the organic aggregates, the aqueous phase composition contains an aqueous phase solvent that includes water and optionally a polar organic solvent that is miscible with water.
Conclusion:There are some characteristics on CT manifestation of SPTP.The correct imaging diagnosis and differential diagnosis is possible based on clinical characteristic and CT findings.
Methods 50 cases of cerebral palsy children were randomly divided into two groups with 25 cases in the treatment group and 25 cases in the control group.
Result:The proportion of blood component transfusion was relatively high.The amount of clinical blood usage increased year by year.The amount of platelets,cryoprecipitate and washed erythrocytes gradually increased.The average amount of clinical blood usage increased year by year.The proportion of plasma was downward trend.However,the proportion of plasma and suspended red blood cell transfusion was significantly higher than that of foreign.
include eczema, psoriasis, abrasion and infections of that skin
It has also been shown that increased NO production during septic shock contributes to cardiac depression and myocardial dysfunction ( Sun et al . J . Mol . Cell Cardio . 30,989-997 , 1998 ) .
include methacrylate, cellulose acetate phthalate, polyvinyl acetate phthalate, hydroxypropyl methylcellulose phthalate, in particular, aquateric, sureteric, hpmcp- hp-55s.
The jaw members 57 and 58 are held in their open position, and tissue is manoeuvred between the jaw members.
A proteomic analysis revealed that Heat Shock Protein(HSP)90 was differentially expressed between ES cell lines sensitive and resistant to specific IGF1R/KIT inhibitors.
In the coombs assay of negative patients, red cell surface binding immunoglobuin are very different.
The expression of iNOS in brain tissue were detected on 14 and 21 days after moulding.
Objective To observe the effects of high dose ademetionine on hyperbilirubinemia caused by all kinds of causes.
Germ cell marker genes include PR domain containing 1, with ZNF domain (PRDM1, also known as BLIMP1), PR domain containing 14 (PRDM14), protein arginine methyltransferase 5 (PRMT5), DPPA3, IFITM3, GDF3, c-KIT, chemokine (C-X-C motif) receptor 4 (CXCR4), NANOSI-3, DAZL, VASA, PIWI family genes (PIWIL1 and PIWIL2, known as HIWI and HILI in humans, respectively), Mut-L Homologue-1 (MLHI), synaptonemal complex protein 1 (SCP1), and SCP3.
Construction of Recombinant S100B Expressing Fusion Protein and Its Immunocompetence Study
The path0geny, clinical diagnosis and treatment of NPE were discussed
in addition, a positive control line can be use, such as a goat anti-rabbit (" GAR" ) line striped to capture a different population of conjugate particle ( e. g., those having rabbit antibody on them, for example ).
Investigation on Acid-labile Biodegradable Polymers with Conjugated Galactose as Drug Carriers
This nucleic acid sequence comprises an expressed sequence, which encodes a polypeptide comprising a contiguous sequence of at least nine amino acids contained in a human protein selected from the group of myelin basic protein, proteolipid protein andmyelin oligodendrocyte glycoprotein
Objective To explore the incidence of the fatty liver disease(FLD) in school faculty so as to provide the evidence for formulating a physical health guideline of prevention from fatty liver disease.
Immunizing mouse with the antigen has prepare corresponding monoclonal antibody successfully,
The endotoxin,PLA2 and MDA in baicalin treatment group,while TNF-α and ET-1 in octreotide treatment group were more significantly decreased(P<0.05 or P<0.01).
Phlegm and Blood Stasis of Hyperplasia Mammary Glands by Guitar Permit Mass Pathological Analysis of 86 Cases
Results: The prevalence of HPV in cervical SCC was 78.72%, HPV-16 was the most frequent type (85.29%) in single HPV infection, multiple HPV infection were detected in 3 cases(2 double, 1 triple).
61 cases suffering from fetal distress in PFH showed a sharp contrast with 28 in the control group(P<0.01 );
To test the rough composition and collagen protein content of worms,research the enzymatic hydrolysis of worm’s further processing and develop new products,and pay full attention to the worm nutrition,delicious,and the characteristics of supplying function.
Preferred alkyl groups in the present invention are lower alkyl groups.
in addition to a N-halogenated amino acid
The Conservative Treatment of Severe Acute Pancreatitis
Methods:18 cases of advanced hormone independent prostate cancers who received castration and antiandrogen medicines were confirmed to have multiple bone metastatic carcinomas by emission computed tomography(ECT), and hepatic , adrenal and intracranial metastasis were found respectively each in 1 patient, and the value of PSA(prostatic special antigen) had on ascending trend in all patients.
the volume of the calibration region 708 is preferably much greater than the volume of an individual dose of insulin solution to facilitate good resolution and accuracy in the detection or measurement of the flow rate or the current.
Oligomerisation catalyst with pendant donor groups
Catoptric apparatus contains two kinds of pigment, namely distal and proximal pigment
Results: The cause of acute infantile appendicitis could not be found in 27(50.9%) cases. 10(18.9%) were induced by bacterial dysentery and 8 (15.1%) were associated with infection of upper respiratory tract
the subject are usually more than 40, that uneven and fixed masse are as hard as stone. and there often exist headache and epistaxis
summarization on plant oil extraction technology by aqueous enzymatic hydrolysis
Objective:To observe the effect of calcium channel blocker (nimotop)on microtuble associated protein 2(MAP2) in ischemic rats.
acid produced by hydrolysis of the polymer will react with at least a portion of the acid soluble material and will further disrupt the integrity of the filter cake.
The identification was performed by enzyme digestion and PCRResults There were 30% positive recombinant after the linealinzed pShuttle-CMV-hNGF β was transformed into ultracompletent BJ5183containing pAdEasy-1. The viral titer was 2.24 × 10~(12) PFU/L
The result shows that the optimum extraction condition obtained is as follows: temperature of 70 ℃, alcohol volume fraction of 80%, the ratio of solid to liquid of 1:6, reflux time of 3 h and extraction times of 3 times.
Therefore, the SMOC2 gene can be used for preparing the medicine for detecting or treating endometrial cancer.
conversion and separation method for extracting glycerin from fermentation liquid
Insulin resistance is the significant pathogenesis of type2 diabetes.
Analysis of clinical and imaging features of rebleeding in patients with moyamoya disease
it has that advantage of simple preparation and excellent therapeutic effect.
Polymorphism of macrosatellite DNA and its application
RESULTS:6β-OHFC/FC ratio had marked differences at different phases of treatment for leukemia children.
The age ranged from 7 to 35 with a men of 22.A rhinolith with an exogenous nucleus was found in 6 cases.
Complications due to rupture of hepatic echinococcal cysts
compositions and methods for achieving immune suppression
Photopolymerization of methyl methacrylate (MMA) was kinetically studied by using piperazine (PPZ) sulfur dioxide (SO 2) charge transfer complex as a photoinitiator.
Composite nanofiltration membranes were fabricated through interfacial polymerization.Membranes were prepared with diamine as aqueous monomer and trimesoyl chloride(TMC) as organic monomer on the support of polyethersulfone(PES) ultrafiltration membranes.Three different diamines were utilized as aqueous monomer respectively.They are o-phenylenediamine,m-phenylenediamine and p-phenylenediamine.
The Brainstem-Spino Projections in the Rat-A Study on Retrograde HRP
The results showed that in the conditions of high concentrations of Mn2+,Phytolacca acinosa Roxb leaves could induce a large number of small molecule soluble protein expression which relative molecular mass was less than 26. 60 ku,but inhibited in Festuca arundinacea Schreb.
It is therefore possible to reduce the amount of enzyme used without, however, excessively decreasing the amount of glucose released.
The results showed that SA induction significantly reduced the disease index of Zhongshuang 9, increased its resistance, while SA had no significant influence on disease index of Yuyou 19. When the plants were inoculated with S. sclerotiorurn, the activity of PAL in leaf of Zhongshuang 9 increased while that of Yuyou 19 decreased.
is both medicine and food, has effect in invigorating spleen and nourish blood, replenishing kidney essence, reducing blood lipid, lowering blood pressure, inhibit hyperglycemia, preventing diseases and delaying aging.
the solids were filtered and dried under vacuum at 40ec to yield the title compound as an oxalate ( 6.5gms ).
Maleinized imide polymer resins, optionally in solution and optionally comprising metallic salt of alpha, beta-ethylenically unsaturated carboxylic acid, the polymer being selected from the group consisting of butadiene homopolymer, butadiene copolymers, isoprene homopolymer, isoprene copolymers, and poly ( maleic anhydride-co-alkenyl benzenes ), are used to treat fabric and thereby improve fabric to rubber adhesion.
Clinical Significance of Monitoring Cyclosporine A Concentration（C2） in Kidney Transplant Recipients
Methods The bile from 330 patients with bile duct stones in our hospital from July 2008 to July 2012 was subjected to bacterial culture and drug susceptibility test,and the data were statistically analyzed.
analyzed expression profiles of Shanyou 63, its parent Zhenshan 97 and Minghui 63 in the whole growth period using rice whole genome oligobucleotide chip developed by Affymetrix Company (totally with 57,381 probe sets, each set consisting of 11 pairs of 25 base probes), including 39 tissues such as seeds, leaves, roots and young ears healing and germinating in different developmental stages, and totally obtained expression profile data of 282 chips for 3 varieties and 39 tissues or organs
Objective: Summarizing clinical regularities of diseases and syndromes of heart in TCM according to the statistics data.
methods: third degree burn wound models were established in 160 sd rats. they were divided into radix salviae miltiorrhizae - treated group and saline - treated group.
the Chinese traditional medicine composition for treat that kidney diseases and the extract thereof has obvious curative effect on kidney disease, in particular diabetic nephropathy.
It was a pulmonary embolism,
The kit includes the special primer and probe for detecting lung specificity X protein mRNA expression amount as described in the claims 1 and 2.
Compound amino acids(15) and dipeptides(2) adjusted with a series of pH value ranging from 4 to 9 can make prepared solutions,which were undergone acceleration tests at 80 ℃,100 ℃,115 ℃ and 121 ℃,respectively.Each aliquot sampled at predeter-mined time points was assayed for related substances(circle glycyl-glutamine and pyroglutamic acid degraded from glycyl-glutamine dipeptide) by HPLC method.
Assay and Tests for Related Substances of Nitrendipine Tablet by HPLC
whereas Phe104, Tyr308, and Pro315 formed the hydrophobic interactions with the S atom of isothiocyano group.
to explore the effect of carvedilol on expression of CD25 of human T lymphocyte in vitro;
It's actually a very simple procedure to deactivate the gene concerned.
150 Holstein lactating dairy cow were randomly divided into the groups of 50 lactating cow in the study.The effect of feeding fermented corn stalk on production of the dairy cow were coducted with the comparative feeding experiements.The result indicated that averag daily milk production of feeding fermented corn stalk and corn silage group were higher 2.7 kg(P<0.05) and 4.03 kg(P<0.01) than that of feeding corn stalk cow,respectively.
the biometric identifier 112 can be designed to perform fingerprint scans, voice analyses and retinal or iris scans.
Nonmodifiable risk factors include age, sex, low birth weight, race/ethnicity, and genetic predisposition.
Clinical Investigator, Algorithme Pharma Inc., Montreal, Quebec
Isolated culture of Ureaplasma Urealyticumand Mycoplasma Hominis from patients
Discussion on Treatment of Metabolism Syndrome From Spleen
Results No serious postoperative complications occurred.
Objective: To evaluate the biocompatibility of a novel injectable and degradable calcium phosphate cement to provide basic data for its clinical application.
Conclusion VTQ is valuable in diagnosis and differential diagnosis of thyroid papillary carcinoma.
The therapeutic efficacy of etofylline clofibrate in 283 patients with hyperlipidemia
Methods CT examined 55 cases of nasal polyp.
? Both 3 g mesalazine OD and 1 g mesalazine TID showed good efficacy in patients with active ulcerative colitis, and 3 g mesalazine OD given as single morning dose proved to be non-inferior to 1 g mesalazine TID.
The curve of the high enzyme dosage bend-off earlier than the curve of the low enzyme dosage.
In this study,the control effects of 16%SW seed coating on aphid and red leaf virus disease were investigated,and the effects of 16% SW seed coatings on grain yield and yield components of oat were also studied.
Conclusion: Shentong capsule may inhibit over the expression of TGF- 3 1 by inhibiting over the expression of Smad3 and promoting expression of Smad7, and inhibit over the expression of a -SMA and reduce the level of plasmic and renal ET- 1, thereby inhibit renal interstitial fibrosis
Conclusion:Different intervention method to will alleviate the newborn ache the short-term effect to be different,the non-trophism suction alleviation ache effect will surpass caresses touches the group.
immunosuppressants are used in suppressing the immune system of patients undergoing stem cell therapy .
All patients were given clear-liquid diet after pull out the tube within 24to 72hours after surgery,postoperative hospitalization around 5-14days,(6. 8± 2. 6)d averagely.
And it is an ideal detection index for early diagnosis of diabetic nephropathy.
such as a copolymer of acrylic acid and at least one alkyl acrylic acid ester.
and enabling the virus suspension onto the fibroblast;
An outpatient drug-free treatment program consists of individual and group counseling and no medication
SURGICAL TREATMENT OF VENTRICULAR SEPTAL DEFECT WITH PULMONARY HYPERTENSION
Observation and nursing of asthma in children treated by atomization inhalation of pulmicort respules and salbutamol and atrovent;
The implantation method isreported in details.
Methods Retrograde technique was performed by puncturing the distal segment of the occlusive artery(popliteal artery,anterior tibial artery,posterior tibial artery or peroneal artery) in 32 patients with atherosclerotic occlusion of lower extremities when antegrade technique failed.Then PTA and/or stent implantation were further performed.
Preliminary Study on Extraction Technology of Alkaloids in Macleaya cordata
in some of these embodiment, that antigen-binding cytoreductive agent is selected from the group consist of an anti-CD20 antibody, an anti-CD52 antibody, an anti-CD22 antibody, an anti-B7 antibody, an anti-CD19 antibody, an anti-CD32 antibody, an anti-CD33 antibody, an anti-CD64 antibody, an anti-CD16 antibody, an anti-CD86 antibody, and an anti-CD156 antibody
it will be understood that the amount of the compound actually administered will be determined by a physician, in the light of the relevant circumstances, including the condition to be treated, the chosen route of administration, the actual compound or compounds administered, the age, weight, and response of the individual patient, and the severity of the patient 's symptoms.
cells were isolated by facs and cultured on sto feeders in the hdm with egf and lif.
An enzyme that catalyzes the hydrolysis of a galactoside
Gene Polymorphism of Angiotensin-Converting Enzyme and Serum ACE and Angiotensin Ⅱ in Hypertensives
External therapy is part of gynecological diseases treatment in Synopsis of Golden Chamber,Zhongjing first use external treatment of gynecological diseases,he select a variety of topical routes of administration,the aim is to maximize the therapeutic effect.
Aim:To analyze the prognostic factors for non-small cell lung cancer.
The anterior extremity of the said syringe has a supporting seat,
FIG. 7 shows the amino acid sequence for human RAGE.
Methods A total of 151 patients with acute myocardial infarction who underwent emergency percutaneous coronary intervention were enrolled in this study.Combination use of CNP process framework and holistic nursing procedures were employed in perioperative period.The clinical effectiveness,postoperative complications and hospitalization days were recorded.
Progresses in the Studies of Structure-activity Correlation and Detection Methods of Medicinal Fungal β-(1,3)-D-glucans
Oligosaccharide£º Any carbohydrate with a few (between and about to ) units of simple sugars (monosaccharides). A wide variety of oligosaccharides are made by partially breaking down polysaccharides. Most of the few naturally occurring oligosaccharides are found in plants; those in animals tend to be combined in glycoproteins.
FIG. 9 shows that CVT-E002 treatment stimulates nitric oxide (NO) production in vitro.
comparison of two approaches in the treatment of perceptual problems after stroke Edmans J. A., Webster J., Lincoln N. B.
Was-hing PS II particles with 1 mol / L or 2 mol / L NaCl caused the loss of 17 and 23kD polypeptides, but only partial loss of oxygen evolution activity, whereas washingwith 1 mol / L CaCl_2 caused the loss of 17, 23, and 33 kD polypeptides and oxygenevolution activity
History and tremendous advantages of synchrotron radiation light source were simply introduced.The application current situation of synchrotron radiation X-ray fluorescence(SRXRF),X-Ray absorption fine structure(XAFS) and synchrotron radiation X-ray diffraction(SR-XRD) in the craft and provenance study of ancient ceramics was summarized.The application prospects of synchrotron radiation in ancient ceramics were also discussed.
MethodsNothern analysis, [35S] methionine labeline of astrocytes for determining protein (cyclin D1, D3 and P27, P57) production, [3H] thymidine incorporation were used, and CDK activities against PRb or histone were directed
Synthesis of Benzyl Propionate Under Microwave Irradiation and PTC
The graft copolymerization of acrylamide onto polyvinyl alcohol fibers preirradiated by high energy electron beam was studied. It was found that the grafting rate of fibers increases along with the increment in preirradiation dose, reaction time and reaction temperature respectively, and there is a peak value of the fiber grafting rate with the increment of acrylamide concentration. The graft copolymerization of polyvinyl alcohol fibers is effectively inhibited by adding a small amount of Mohr′s salt into t...;
Objective To investigate the effect of intra-operative glucose concentration fluctuation on postoperative hyperglycemia and clinical outcomes in patients after on-pump coronary artery bypass graft（CABG）.
high prevalence of knee, but not hip or hand osteoarthritis in Beij elders: comparison with data of Caucasian in United state
The Inhibitory Effect of Triptolide on Interleukin-1β Production by PBMC from RA Patients with the Gene Polymorphisms of Interleukin-1β
Until?Day 120 of the test, for infants who were fed?with the formula?powder containing?PDX/GOS?and?GOS,?their?scores of?feces?property were still significantly?higher than that of control group.
suitable analogue and derivatives of propyl gallate include ester of gallic acid
the optical purity and amount of norvaline contain in that reaction mixture were determined unde after-mentioned norvaline analytical conditions 1
Minocycline reduces the capability of the virus to emerge from resting infected T cells, " Szeto explains
The best fermentation conditions and processing technique were determined in this experment.
Results The positive rate of the Rotavirus antigen was 64.4%.
Using special staining and acid fuchsin method the various types of stromal cells of themouse thymus were idenfified in the present study. According to cell morphology and stainingpropertics, the various types of epithelial reticular cells, nurse cells, macrophages, mast cells anddendritic cells could be distinguished. The distribution of the various types of stromal cells withinthymus were examined by light microscopy and the Hassall's corpuscles were seen in the murinethymic medulla. Two types of the epit...
Methods It was retrospectivly analyzed what the blood flow distribution in thyroid glandular substance and the PSV of superior thyroid artery was,and what the relationship between the PSA of superior thyroid artery and the value of T3,T4 was,in 30 cases who received drug treatment before and after.
study on heart function evaluate by Tei index and brain natriuretic peptide in hypertension patients with heart failure
Treatment to acute biliary pancreatitis with early endoscopic sphincterotomy
Under the above fermentation conditions the antibacterial ability of Streptomyces parvus could be enhanced to 38 mm,increasing 31. 03% than before.
made by mixing the plant alkaloid extract and the pharmaceutically accepted drug carriers and the usage.
improve that conduct and minimizing clinical, medical, and surgical error.
High Dose Topical Administration Study in Canine Periodontitis Model
a sufficient number of times to produce a detectable quantity of additional reverse primer amplification product or of additional forward primer amplification product;
And at the same time, we measured the serum levels of TC、 TG、 LDL、 HDL.
The immedate cure rates were 96.1% and 92.3% respectively
Strengthen resistance, prevent respiratory system disease, and resist influenza virus
These cells maintain morphological and genetic stability in vitro.
An experiment was therefore set up to determine the concentration at which the precipitated Anti-CD4 antibody was completely resolubilised.
Synthesis of Modified Cationic Chitosan
grafting is accomplished in accordance with known procedures, generally by heating a mixture of the polyolefin and graft monomer ( s ) or without a solvent.
Study about the Correlation of the DPIV Enzyme Activity and Anti-CD26/DPIV Antibody with Sj(?) gren's Syndrome
in Fig . 2 , there is a patient 54 arranged on a patient table 56 within the examination volume 30 .
There exist four phases of pathology and CT manifestations of cerebral infarction: acute phase-CT negative;
immunostimulating composition contain lactic acid bacteria
The result shows that residues protease is the major causation of UHT milk-caking phenomenon
separating DNA content from the received blood sample by lysis to provide a separation sample;
【Result】With the increasing of temperature,the eclosion rate of Colorado potato beetle larvae was gradually decreased,and the developmental duration was gradually extended.When the temperature reached 39℃,the emergence rate approached zero,the critical high temperature of Colorado potato beetle eclosion tolerance was 39℃,and at the same time,the tolerance duration at temperature of 39℃ was 72 h.
The relation between 3 polymorphisms of coagulation FXIIIA and cerebrovascular diseases
The relationship between the serum antibody titers of IgG of anti A(B) in the multiple pregnant women with O blood type and hemolytic disease of newborn
Study on the Flexistyly Pollination Mechanism in Alpinia Plants (Zingiberaceae)
gene silencing molecules according to the invention may be combined in compositions having a number of different forms depending, in particular on the manner in which the composition is to be used.
FIG. 4 shows a molecular model of human interleukin-2, in which the amino acid residues that are reported to be involved with each of three receptors (alpha, beta and gamma) are represented in "ball-and-stick" format, as are several lysine residues that are within or close to the receptor-binding domains.
Cloning and sequence analysis of cDNA segment encoding dehydroascorbate reductase from malus;
The computer emulation algorithms of each step for converse perspective drawing are researched such as perspective conditions ;
The drug works by increasing levels of serotonin in the brain.
Exogenetic expression of GDNF of rat bone marrow stem cell
ANIMAL MODEL OF ROTATIONAL BEHAVIOR WITH 6-OHDA LESIONS
though ba could promote the formation of the adventitious bud and inhibit that of adventitious root, it could not change the trend of the effect of the seedling age on the cotyledon organogenesis.
Drug safety and quality of life were also assessed.Results The DCR of the treatment group was higher than that of control group(68. 2% vs. 43. 5%,P0.05).
Clinical analysis of epilepsy in 32 children with cerebral palsy
The times of anti fatigue and oxygen deficit of the mice were prolonged for 62 min and 6 min, respectively. The indexes of thymus gland and spleen of the mice were increased 1 7% and 5 6%, respectively
Ventriculo-peritoneal shunt in the treatment of tuberculous meningitis patients with severe hydrocephalus:report of 10 cases
Observations were made on alteration of intestinal flora, feces condition and direct smear result of caecal content in each group.
The comparative study of FISH detected EGFR gene for the pleural fluid Cell Blocks and tissue of lung cancer patients
high blood pressure. A person' s blood pressure is influence by many factors, include genetics, body weight, physical activity and, in some cases, salt intake.
Affection of TNF-α in Chronic Viral Hepatitis
Evaluation of the Effects of Various Cardiac Pacing Modes on Left Ventricular Function of Healthy Canines Using Echocardiographic Three-dimensional Speckle Tracking
Up to this size, tumor cells can obtain the necessary oxygen and nutrient supply by passive diffusion.
Prunus necrotic ring spot ilarvirus
Methods Patients checked by 24h dynamic electrocardiogram were chosen from 2008 to 2011 in our hospital,including simple primary hypertension(45 cases),type 2 diabetes(45 cases),primary hypertension and type 2 diabetes(45 cases) and healthy controls(45 cases).All the cases were detected ventricular extrasystoles and calculated TO and TS index.
In some embodiments, the 5 ' nuclease activity of a variety of enzymes is used to cleave a target-dependent cleavage structure, thereby indicating the presence of specific nucleic acid sequences or specific variations thereof.
Amplification and Sequencing of Heavy Chain Variable Region(VH) Gene of a Human Monoclonal Antibody (CM-1) with Specificity to Breast Cancer
Results No difference of therapeutical effects was found between the two groups(χ 2=0, P >0.05),but by contrast,the side effects in the observed group were significantly less than that in the control group ( P <0.01).
a dye used as an acid-base indicator.;
Treatment planning software for the IMRT takes medical images (e.g., CT or MRI data sets) and identifies all the organs or structures of interest at risk (especially those structures that are sensitive to radiation, or that must not be irradiated regardless of their radiation sensitivity
RESEACH ON PREVENTION OF MOULDS CORRODING THE MILITARY FIREARMS USING WASABI;
Results The 5 year local failure free survival rate was 88.5% in the patients received radiotherapy, in others, it was 69.2%( P < 0.05
Influence of Cultivation Condition on Nisin Production by Lactococcus lactis N302
Adsorbing uranium characteristics of P_4-fibre adsorbent
Studies on Expression of Vascular Endothelial Growth Factor in Acute Myeloid Eukemia and Effect on Harringtonine-induced Apoptosis of HL-60 Cells
heart bioprosthetic valve with valve leaflet capable of bee repeatedly replaced through minimally invasive surgery
It was suggested that the preservation of the three mudskippers and their wild populations’ genetic diversity should be timely intensified, and, as a DNA barcoding, COI gene could be credible in identifying species at species level, but less feasible at population level.
The innovative points of this thesis included: (1) A model was proposed to simulate the aggregation process of nano-particle aggregation process by thermodynamic methods, the relationship between aggregation rate and aggregated particle number was derived. (2) ACPA initiator was chelated directly onto the nan-CaCO3 surface by the action of ACPA with Ca+, or nano-CaCO3 was first modified with 3-aminopropyltriethoxysilane, followed by the reaction with ACPA.
so as to enhance that fertilization rate and make sure insemination time when in superovulate;
Proteins and Signal Transductions Related to Spermatozoa Acrosome Reaction in Mammalian
Homogeneous Preparation in DMAc/LiCl and Characterization of Long-Chain Cellulose Esters;
All of these results provide a constructive way to find novel cryoprotactants based on the understanding of the physiological changes of microbial cells during the freeze-drying process
spina Gleditsiae is adde for that patients with pathogen intrusion into collateral in prolonged illness.
This paper dealt with the effects of temperature stress on survival and fecundity of Coccobius azumai Tachikawa by 5 ℃,10 ℃,15 ℃,33 ℃,36 ℃ and 38 ℃ by taking 25 ℃ as control.
the repopulation of white blood cell and especially platelets is compromise by permanent damage to that stem cells in the bone marrow
Uterine arterial infusion chemotherapy for trophoblastic tumor:A report of 13cases
Without surgery near organs and ureteral damage,no postoperative bleeding,anastomotic leakage,infection of incision,urinating obstacles,defecation incontinent and other complications,no death.
The thermally modifiable fluoran leuco dye can be developable upon the color forming composition being contacted with electromagnetic radiation which causes the radiation absorber to become energized, so that the energized radiation absorber causes the latent developer to undergo rearrangement to produce an intermediate dye form having a phenolic substituent.
Results: In the three examples,non-scattered photons stabilized at around 36% in the SPECT and true coincidence without scattering stabilized at about 44. 5% in the PET.The dose distribution of proton was much better than photon in the depth direction,and dose distribution of photon was slightly better than proton in the lateral direction.
in that present invention, the target nucleotide may be label with a fluorescent dye, or an intercalator may be used.
Nout(di) = downstream particle number concentration for particles of diameter di; and
Rabbits were immunized with the purified and renatured GP85 fusion protein for preparing the anti-ALV-J GP85 antibody.
Expression of human telomerase reverse transcriptases and association with WT1 levels in leukemia cells
The results showed that:LNpatients had significantly higher ratio of urinary TXB_2/6-keto PGF_1a(T/K)than that in SLE patients without clinical renal lesions and healthy con-trots.
Objective: To investigate the antidepressant effect and related mechanism of the licorice flavonoids(LF) from the Glycyrrhiza uralensis.
Anesthesia was induced with midazolam 0. 05 mg/kg,propofol 1-2 mg/kg,fentanyl 2-4 μg/kg and atracurium 0. 5 mg/kg.LTSA and PLMA were inserted when muscles were completely relaxed after anesthesia induction.
The morphologies of MgCl2-supported Ziegler-Natta catalyst and polymer particles with very low yield is observed by using low voltage scanning electron microscopy(LVSEM).It shows that MgCl2 is very sensitive to air.Exposed to air for more than 10 s dramatically changes the morphologies of the particle.LVSEM can give images with very high resolution at low voltage,e.g.1 keV.No additional coating of the sample surface is needed because charging is not an issue for the chosen imaging conditions.Due to the mini...;
Relationship Between Lipoprotein Lipase Gene Polymorphism and Hypertriglyceridemia
Medium Optimization for Bacillus mucilaginous in Submerged Fermentation
radiation reaction cell; RR cells
DOSAGE STUDY OF RADIOTHERAPY FOR ESOPHAGEAL CARCINOMA - A clinical randomized trial of 200 patients
Methods Twenty eight Wistar rats were anesthetized with intraperitoneal pentobarbital sodium and ventilated with the inspiratory peak pressure(Ppeak) at 1 47kPa and I:E at 1:1 following intubation through tracheotomy
With the operating means 16 it is possible to set what sort of organ, for example a kidney or a liver, will undergo the organ perfusion.
Different Routes of Administration and Nursing Gists for Insulin
Genetic Transformation of Aspergillus chevalieri var. intermedius Mediated by Agrobacterium tumefaciens
The blood loss,complication and the time of forepart movement in hip replacement group were significantly lower than that of the internal fixation group(P<0.05).The joint function of hip replacement group was significantly improved compared with the internal fixation group(P<0.05).
APC mutations play a role in 85 percent of colon cancers.
As seen from TME images of FIGS. 4 to 6, it can be observed that CNF nanoparticles show a structure entwined in a net.
The explant of new leaves are cultured in MS+6-BA1. 5 mg/L+NAA0.5~0.8 mg/L. The explant could differentiate buds directly. MS+6-B A 0.5 mg/L+NAA0.05 mg/L is suitable medium of rapid propagation and the medium for rooting,1/2MS+NAA0.2 mg/L.
The mature embryo sac has seven cells
These 6 patients with CPDJ injury were cured and none of case was death.
Relationship between HLB and pH value and use of polyoxyethylene ether carboxylic acid surfactants
The UV module could sterilize the bacteria and organisms passing through the prefilteration process.
The (His)6- chiA protein was also successfully refolded while it was immobilized on Ni-NTA, by washing it using refolding buffer with urea concentration as follows 6M-5M-4M-3M-2M-1M-0M. After that about 43% protein was refolded, and the enzymatic activation of 1 mg refolded protein could get to 0.5U.
Ets-2 lost the use of regulating the transcriptional activity of MMP-20. Conclusion: Ets-2 up-regulates MMP-20 gene expression via the combination with the Ets-2 binding sites of MMP-20 in ameloblasts.
it is preferred that such catenary atoms are not alpha to a heteroatom , such as may found in the hydroxyalkyl or aminoalkyl groups of the Ri group .
Methods:In the Cordyceps militaris strains growth test in culture medium,the growth rate of hyphae and the amount of conidiophores were studied.
Methods Genomic DNA from B16 melanoma and C57BL/6J mouse normal tissues were amplified by RAPD with 105 random primers, the significantly different DNA fragments were isolated, cloned and sequenced. DNA sequences were analyzed with GenBank data.
Samples were cut vertically and the enamel-adhesive interface was observed under stereomicroscope and scanning electric microscope(SEM).
A PRV-RNA cDNA molecular probe (the insert ca. 300bp) was successfully constructed with PRV-Ys RNA as the synthesis template, oligo(dT) 12-18 as the primer for sscDNA synthesis, pUC~(19)plasmid as the cloning vector and Escherichia coli JM107 as the transformation receptor of recombinant plasmido The molecular probe could be used to detect an amount of PRVRNA at pg level(ave 20pg/spot).
The genetic analysis showed that the resistance of Peking heidou was controlled by one pair of dominant genes and two pairs of recessive genes in the genetic background of Liaodou No.10.
The mortality of children under 5 showed a decline trend,from 27. 79% in 2001 to 10. 98% in 2011. The causes of deaths in decline rank order included pneumonia,birth asphyxia,premature birth(low birth weight),accidental suffocation and congenital heart disease.
Methodes:PTC3 cells was exposed to different concentrations of oleate(0 mmol/L,
With DEB increase ,CRE concentration increase and DEB500mmol/kg is highest.
The specific amino acid composition of whey protein supports the synthesis of glutathione which has been linked with less illness in older adults.
The Signal Transduction of C-reactive Protein Induced the Expression of Receptor for Advanced Glycation End Products (RAGE) and Its Intervention Study
In one embodiment the present composition comprises cysteine wherein the source of cysteine is selected from the group consisting of N- Acetyl cysteine, whey, egg proteins or a combination thereof.
The biological functions of intestinal epithelial tight junctions and its role in intestinal barrier
Effect of high phenyalanine on Nogo A mRNA and protein expression of oligodendrocyte
in addition, many current production method require extensive processing in ord to extract that therapeutic protein from the animal or other host organism in which it was produced and to get the compound into a condition where it may be utilized by a patient
Bumm's uterine elavating forceps
[Objective]To investigate the genetic diversity of local varieties of Chinese Hu mulberry(Morus L. ).
FIG. 5 shows the results of amplifications of mycobacterial DNA using primers modified with a benzyl group and primers modified with a p-tert-butylbenzyl group, as described in Example 10.
In mice that lacked β-catenin fracture healing was inhibited, whereas in mice expressing an activated form of β-catenin bone healing was accelerated.
brain , and lymph nodes .
Results After operation,the pain gradually disappeared in 5 patients and skin temperature increased significantly.Of the five cases,toe ulcer exudation got dry in two after 3 days or after 10 days respectively,and the ulcers healed completely in 3 months when the follow-up was regularly conducted.
CT and Clinical Analysis of Perimesencephalic Nonaneurysmal Subarachnoid Hemorrhage
After the hematoma was removed,the function of the spinal cord was better than before surgery.
For example in the context of a skin-allergy test or sensitization test (for example prick tests, intradermal tests, friction tests, epicutaneous tests, ROAT (repeated open application test) tests) one or more antigens can be applied to the skin together with the composition according to aspects of the invention or consecutively, as already described, in order to trigger a desired immune reaction.
Methods The removal of large acoustic neuromas by enlarged translabyrinthine approach in 42 cases, the operative cavity was closed by obstruction of eustachian tube and the external auditory meatus
RESULTS:After acted by PN(1-100 μmol/L) for 12 hours and 24 hours, MTT color reaction inhibition rate grows obviously with the dose, indicating dose dependence (Pearson 's γ=0.7322,0.7703, P< 0.05), IC50 was 252.94 μmol/L and 49.63 μmol/L respectively
children of both sexes are at risk of abuse, but the incidence is estimated to be five times more likely for females.
~(13) C NMR STUDIES OF PHOSPHINE-PALLADIUM COMPLEXES OF METHACRYLATES
Ambulatory Surgical Center - An Ambulatory Surgical Center is an entity that operates exclusively for the purpose of furnishing outpatient surgical services to patients not requiring hospitalization and whose expected stay in the center does not exceed 24 hours
Treatment of distal femoral fractures with retrograde interlocking intramedullary nail under arthroscopy and CPM exercise
Objective: To explore the application of foresight nursing care to uremia patients with hemodialysis and evaluate its clinical effect.
Analysis on the Relevant Factors Involving the Effect of Acupuncture in Improving Lipo-metabolism in Hypothalamic Obesity Rats
A process to isolate dianhydride from an exchange reaction comprises extracting a bisimide/anhydride exchange reaction aqueous phase with an organic solution comprising an exchange catalyst at a first temperature and pressure to form an extracted aqueous phase comprising water, exchange catalyst and a dianhydride precursor;
significance of peritubular capillary C4d deposition in patient with lupus nephritis
Cost-effectiveness analysis of 4 injections treatment for viral myocarditis
The clinical classify, operative treatment and evaluation of clinical effect of atlantoaxial dislocation
investigation and analysis of pathogenic factor of hypertension in senile farmers
In addition,the Na+/K+-ATPase activities of the three posterior pairs of gills were remarkably higher than those of the five anterior pairs of gills.
dissolvable films are described for the administration of an active ingredient.
The GTD2A2 strain had very high similarity of 99. 92% to Chlamydomonas debaryana (FR865608.1), which demonstrated that GTD2A2 strains were identified to species.The 18SrDNA gene sequences of GTD3a-5,GTD4C,and TLD7a-2strain were 98. 10%,98.
Methods The agents of diazonium methods for direct bilirubin were analyzed with AU-640 and analyzed with EP9 MedCalc 10. 1. 8. 0 statistical software.
Effect of Dietary Immune-Growth Promoter C96 on development of immune organs and Blood indexes is broiler chickens
Transcatheter aortic valve implantation(TAVI) has emerged as a new therapeutic option for non-operable or very high surgical high-risk patients with severe aortic stenosis.
Nursing Observation on Postoperative Patients Applied Painless Hemostatic Sponge Filling After Accepted Surgery via Nasal Sinus Endoscope
The invention discloses a pharmaceutical composition for controlling chicken infectious bursal disease, which is prepared by astragalus mongholicus, dandelion, isatis roots, honeysuckle flowers, rhizoma anemarrhenae, and licorice; the pharmaceutical composition of the invention has the efficacy of clearing heat, relieving toxin, and enhancing immunity, and has good prevention and treatment effect on chicken infectious bursal disease.
To minimize this uncertainty, it is important that secured transactions laws include clear priority rules that lead to predictable outcomes and also that these outcomes are respected by insolvency law to the maximum extent possible (see chap.
The culture supematants of selected strains were filtrated by a ultrafiltration membrane and the unit PLD was increased more than 2. 8 times by ultrafiltration
Methods By E. coli expressing system, the GPC3 protein as antigen was induced, and the rabbit anti-GPC3 polyclonal antibody was prepared. The purified antibody was used to do Western blot analysis in 40 liver tissues (7 normal liver tissues,26 HCC liver tissues and 7 ICC liver tissues) and 4 cell lines ( HepG2,HuH-7,Hep3B, Hela).
the novel biological agent is obtained by extracting fresh mosses cultured on wood charcoal within 10 days; and the preparation method comprises the processing steps of weighing,
Clinical observation of stem cell transplantation in patients with acute myocardial infarction complicated with heart failure
Scanning electron microscopic observation on sperm penetration of Silurus soldatovi egg
Isolation,Identification and Characteristics of PCB77-degrading Strain
Methods Seven kinds culture solution(10 % FBS MEM, 5,6,8,12 mg/ml “Shengjiye”, 8 mg/ml Chinese angelica root, 8 mg/ml dried adhesive rehamannia root) were prepared for cultivating the 3rd generation of keratocyte(KC) and fibroblast(Fb). The proliferation profiles of KC and Fb were detected by thiazolyl blue(MTT).
Subjects, - Twenty adults - 10 males and 10 females - were studied.
Purification of concentrated virus is performed due to chromatography upon porous silica.
Methods:A retrospective analysis of 132 cases of frequent extrasystoles,the patients were randomly divided into treatment group and control group.The two groups were in the routine treatment of disease on the basis,the treatment group(66 cases)were given oral low dose amiodarone and Wenxin Keli;the control group(66 cases) were given oral routine dose of amiodarone,then compare the effects of two groups.
In review section, the basic principles and characteristics of electrochemical DNA biosensors and principles of DNA detections are introduced.
effective as agonist of melanocortin receptor, and an agonistic composition of melanocortin receptor comprise that same as active ingredient
An aqueous based system is also aqueous based solutions for cell culturing i.e. DMEM or MEM supplemented DMEM, with 10% Fetal Bovine Serum (FBS) and growth factors (as 50 ng/ml nerve growth factor (NGF), glial derived nerve growth factor or generally neurotrophines or pleiotrofines), and eventually inhibitors of specific cell proliferations (i.e. cytosine b-D-arabinofuranoside, (AraC, Sigma) (1.5 .mu.g/ml). Addition of antibiotics (such as penicillin and streptomicine) to aqueos based system is also possible. As aqueous based system is also to be intended any saline solutions with different ion salt composition used to analyze cell bioelectrical properties (for example Ringers solution, Phosphate Buffer Saline, Artificial Crebro Spinal fluid, Standard extracellular saline).
A Study of the Relationship between Inhibin A、Activin A and Preeclampsia
Methods: Thirty-two cases of suffering from the comminuted and intra-articular fractures of the distal radius by different operation method treatment in three years were synthetically analyzed and 7 cases of them were treated with TCM after operation.
Both of blood pressure and plasma ET werereduced greatly (P < 0. 01), while serum NO was increased significantly (P < 0. 01) after Losartan had been used for 4weeks.
The binocular visual function in children intraocular lens implantation after postoperation.
In other words, the intermolecular interactions between like molecules are more favorable than the interactions between the unlike molecules, in that case
Method:Forty-five samples from patients with cervical cancer were as- sessed for HIF-1αand TRAIL-DR4 mRNA expression by in situ hybridization histochemistry (ISHH
Effects of Overexpressed EHT1 on Ester Production of Saccharomyces cerevisiae
The rigid polyurethane foams blown by water were prepared through one step method.The thermo-gravimetric analysis (TG) and scanning electron microscopy (SEM) were employed to characterize the polyurethane foams with different triethanolamine ratios.And how triethanolamine ratio affected the foaming time, cell structure, apparent densitiy, coefficient of thermal conductivity, mechanical strengths and thermal stability of the foams was studied
The device of the invention can implement milking, keeping constant temperature, heating therapy and vibrating massage to cows and has the functions of dredging meridian, harmonizing the flow of Qi and blood, activating blood and resolving stasis, preventing and curing mastitis of cows, enhancing the ability of lactating to increase the milk production of cows and the like.
PTA1 mAb (Leo-A1) was found to stimulate activation and aggregation of platelets and inhibit differentiation of CTL.
Conclusion: The CTX-M-9 type ESBLs in Xicheng District of Beijing are mainly CTX-M-14 subtype,and the gene structure is stable,without gene mutation,which exist widely in different serum types of Shigella.
There were no significant differences between right and left menisci,nor were there any differences between females and males in the lower tear meniscus(P.05,repeated-measurement analysis of variance[ANOVA]).
This allows the amount of GAPDH mRNA to be limiting to the protective hybridization , so that the amount of double - stranded hybrid formed ( and therefore the amount of protection fragment that is protected from the nuclease ) reflects the amount of mRNA .
The virulence frequcnces of the pathogen to the rcsistancc genes Pm1,Pm2,Pm3b and Pm3c,Pm5 and Pm6 were 74-83,63-67,89,75 and 71 per cent respcctively. It suggested that most of the pathogen in the west Sichuan were virulent to these wheat materials.
The lactobacillus rhamnosus CCFM1107 disclosed by the invention has high oxidation resistance, the capability of removing diphenyl picrylhydrazyl (DPPH) free radical and hydroxyl free radical, the capability of inhibiting lipid peroxidation and the capabilities of tolerating cholate, sodium chloride and pH.
The second generation cells were seeded on eggshell membrane, and then induced with osteogenic media(50 μg/ml ascorbic acid, 10 mmol/L β-glycerophosphate, and 0.1 μmol/L dexamethasone) for 2 weeks in vitro. The cell-seeded scaffolds were implanted subcutaneously in Wistar rats for 4 weeks
After the diagnosis was confirmed with angiography that was performed through catheterization via femoral artery,the implantation of covered stent to isolate the lesions was carried out in all patients.
Spinal surgery in spinal stenosis, spondylolisthesis, and instability had in comparison to other types of elective orthopaedic surgery an outstanding better ability to improve the operated subject's health-related quality of life than other types of elective orthopaedi
Disposable microtome blades for pathology introduced.
Conclusion:There is a significant clinical effect of Xuesaitong for the treatment of elderly patients with acute cerebral infarction.
Attenuation and immunity of canine distemper virus LP strain from lesser panda
The Clinical Effect of Naloxone on Disturbance of Consciousness in the Patients with Acute Cerebrovascular Disease
Development of SSR Markers and Their Application in Macleaya cordata Genetic Diversity Analysis
the maximum glucose reduction was about 35 to about 60 percent at 60 min after oral administration.
The report by the IBC on the ethical aspects of research on embryonic cells, entitled "The Use of Embryonic Stem Cells in Therapeutic Research", (3) was also submitted to the IGBC.
34436 A fruit-flavored beverage is nutritious and has effects in relieving summer heat, quenching thirst, and eliminating hunger. It comprises starch (such as potato starch or lotus root starch), glucose, white sugar (Saccharum Sinensis Roxb.), fruit juice or citric acid or Herba Menthae, water, antiseptic, and anti-settling agent.
sodium vitamin C formulation for intravenous administration and its preparing method
Conclusion Up-regulation of HIF-1 with L-Mim may partly attenuate the saccule-injury-induced impairment of blood vessel endothelium function.
HCC is the fifth most common cancer and ranks as the fourth leading cause of cancer death worldwide (1).
The ultrastructure study on the hippocampus CA1 in diabetic rats
Otogenic intracranial and extracranial complications
identification and interference of inpatient' anxiety
Such gels are liquid at room temperature but gel at higher temperatures (and thus termed "thermoreversible" hydrogels), such as when placed in contact with body fluids.
the effects of acute and prolonged hindlimb suspension on insulin-stimulated glucose utilization by the rat skeletal muscle were studied in vitro.
The precipitated polymer was separated, dissolved in chloroform and then purified by precipitation with ether.
Also disclosed are methods of testing the efficacy of potential chemotherapeutic agents by measuring their effect on surrogate endpoint biomarkers,
Based on the functional information in SPECT and the anatomical information in CT, a revised resection plane may be obtained, such as curve 512, which now includes all the functionally defective regions and the lesion.
The CP gene of WVMV-BJ was amplified by RT-PCR, and ligated to the expression vector pET22b (+).
The Research of Propofol Brain Uptake during the Target Controlled Infusion
the result show that that characters of plant height, ear height, row numb of ear, weight of single ear are controlled by additive gene and the characters of ear length, grain per row, 100 kernel weight are controlled mainly by non additive gene
This paper study uses castor oil as the rawmaterial. The linolenic acid prepared by catalytic dewater, pressure hydrolytic decomposition. Then, C_(21) dicarboxylic acid is produced by Diels-Alder reacting linolenic acid with acrylic acid in the presence of iodine catalyst
Characterization of (Na1/2Bi1/2)TiO3 perovskite-type oxides synthesized by hydrothermal method;
investigation on that ze concentrations of the breast-milk and infant's serum
Using the spring-mass model of Fig. 5 as a convenient model of the soft palate SP, the present invention is directed to a surgical implant into the soft palate SP to alter the elements of the model and thereby alter the dynamic response of the soft palate SP to airflow.
Such an algorithm is incorporated into the NBLAST and XBLAST programs of Altschul et al., J Mol Bio (1990) 215:403.
The primer and the probe are adopted to carry out the PCR amplification for the bacterium to be detected and amplify 210bp band, and the fluorescent detection enhanced in 640 nanometers wavelength is positive samples of Ehrlichia bacterium; and then the Ehrlichia bacterium are typed according to the melting temperature.
in an embodiment of that invention, a method is provide for obtaining a large double-strand RNA molecule, that includes ( a) inserting a DNA fragment or library of DNA fragments encode a double-stranded RNA into a vector having cloning sites flanked by opposing promoters e. g., T7 promoters
In recent years,the morbidity of children with anorexia is accending obviously,especially in urban.
The antierethmoid nerve goes to the inferior turbinate 2.0-4.6 mm behind the beginning of the inferior turbinate.
A skin condition commonly seen in people with insulin resistance , pre-diabetes or Type 2 diabetes.
Subjects were asked to abstain from prescription and non - prescription drugs that might interact with MZ metabolism or nasal physiology from the date of screening until the end of the study .
9157 The health product is effective in supporting kidney-yang, invigorating qi, and stopping seminal emission; and has therapeutic effect on sexual impotence, premature ejaculation, and cold scrotum.
The primary objective of this prospective study was to establish the relationship between posttreatment CTC count and overall survival(OS) in castration-resistant prostate cancer(CRPC
graphs of the fitted posaconazole concentration profiles ( ng / ml ) versus observed plasma concentrations ( ng / ml ) for 3 representative subjects for the 3 dosing regimens are shown in figures 3a1-3, 3b1-3, and 3c1-3.
Methods The SD rats were 70,12 were randomly selected in control group.The rests were built the Type 2 diabetes model.
when ethanol is , for example , used as the dilution solvent SOL , the solution can optionally be further re- concentrated in a re-concentration sub-step REC ' , represented in dotted lines in Fig . 1 , in order to complete residual-water elimination through evaporation of the water-ethanol azeotrope .
Treatment of 56 Case of Hyperlipemia with Weizhitai Capsule
Table 20. Central hemodynamics indices in child patients with cerebral affections from both groups
the snail superfamily of Zinc-finger transcription factor
The invention could be used in determining potential targets for pharmaceutics, understanding normal and pathological events associated with development, determining signaling pathways responsible for postnatal development/aging, and the like.
The results suggested that it is feasible to research the phylogenetic of Urticaceae plants using ITS sequences.The results were basically consistent about the phylogenetic using molecular techniques and traditional morphology classification.
Analysis of the Results of Laboratory Surveillance on Acute Flaccid Paralysis (AFP) Cases in Heilongjiang Province in 1997
Expression and Clinical Significance of nm23-H_1, Fas and FasL in Colorectal Carcinoma Tissues
Labeling and Experimental Studies of Infection Imaging Agent ~(99m)Tc-CPF
Objective:To study diagnostic value of color doppler sonography for human mammary mass.
Breeding Acetobacter Mutants Producing Aldehyde Dehydrogenase and Enzymatic Properties
In certain embodiments, the chimeric or recombinant viruses of the invention are encoded by viral vectors derived from viral genomes wherein one or more sequences, intergenic regions, termini sequences, or portions or entire ORF have been substituted with a heterologous or non-native sequence.
another way is to attach the add-on filtration 303 on the x-ray exit window of the x-ray tube.
The preparation method: carbazol and fluorine or anthracene are taken as raw materials, a bromide that contains Ar1 is obtained through palladium-catalyzed coupling reaction or cuprous salt catalyzed coupling reaction, corresponding boric acid ester is generated through a next reaction;
Objective: To discuss the cause and therapeutic methods of ventricular tachycardia storm secondary to critical cardio-vascular illness.
Methods:The ECG of 120 patients with chronic alcohol toxicity in accordance with CCMD-2 were measured, and the results of which were compared with those of 90 persons under normal health examination
inhalation anthrax , which occurs after inhaling airborne spores , gastrointestinal anthrax , resulting from ingestion of contaminated food , and , in some instances , untreated cutaneous anthrax are characterized by dissemination of the bacteria from the initial site of infection with development of a massive septicemia and toxemia .
Conclusion ADA, IFN γ and CEA are useful parameters in differential diagnosis of tuberculous and neoplastic pleural effusion.
however, it has been thought of that, by that follow method, the existing amount of rare gene can be made lar than the abundant gene after the treatment whereupon the present invention has been accomplished.
NO and IL-10 could inhibit the activation of NF-κB and reduce release of TNF-α
However, the recombinant sense α SMA retrovirus had an opposite function to that of antisense α SMA.
Results: Moderate concentration of vincristine could change the shape of the cells,and the cells proliferated normally after removing vincristine.
The true size of the aneurysm would have been underestimated by coronary angiography because it contains substantial thrombus
Effects of Pyricularia grisea Toxin on the Survival and Ultrastructure in the Calli of Rice
Preliminary study on clinical applications of 3D MR virtual endoscopy
This is caused by excess prolactin from the mother's body that passes through the placenta
EBV antigens may be selected from early antigen (EA) proteins, viral capsid antigen (VCA), and glycoproteins of the membrane antigen (MA).
2. Of the 18 positive serum antibody against Lyme Disease patients, 10 patients were bite by the tick in recent 2 years, the bit-rate by tick is 55.55%;
New anticancer agents that lead to improvements in time-to-event end points also increase morbidity and treatment-related mortality.
Micellar Copolymerization of Acrylamide and 4-Vinyl Pyridine
Genetic Analysis and Utilization of a Japonica Rice SWCV GC13
Structure Characterization of Soil Humic Acids and Adsorption Equilibria on Phenanthrene
Experimental study on anti-inflammatory and analgesic effects of Yitieling Paste
Conclusions It prones to fatigue fracture at upper screw tail and the top of vertical rods by bone graft with vertebral debridement and posterior vertebral unit fixed system by ribs of T6~8 at the positions of anteflexion and extension.
Results During the dialysis, A group occurred 24 cases of dialysis hypertension, accounting for 35.82%, B group occurred 6 cases (19.35%), two groups were significantly different (P<0.01).
Clinical efficacy of intra-articular injection of sodium hyaluronate in the treatment ofmeniscus injury
Loneliness predicted changes in DNA transcription that in turn dampened the body’s ability to shut off the inflammatory response, he reported
( II ) Ester cleavage with sodium hydroxide in aqueous ethanol leads to the formation of 3,4 , 5- tri-O-benzylgallic acid .
3%.The various coexisting substances in serum have no interference on the determination.
RED BLOOD CELL CLOT RETRACTION: POSSIBLE COMPENSATIVE MECHANISM FOR PATIENTS WITH GLANZMANN THROMBASTHENIA?
study on Astigmatism aft phacoemulsification in four groups of scleral tunnel incision in two kinds
The amount of the acid to be used is 0.5 to 2 mol, preferably 0.5 to 1.5 mol, per mol of 2-keto-L-gulonic acid
Study on the clinical characteristics of biphenotypic acute leukemia
Application Example V4 (Comparison) 396.9 g (=100 phr) of ethylene vinyl acetate (EVA) Escorene Ultra UL00119 from ExxonMobil was processed on the Collin roll mill with 416.8 g (=105 phr) of aluminium hydroxide Martinal OL-104/LE from Martinswerk GmbH together with 178.6 g (=45 phr) of the filler not according to the invention from comparative filler example 1 and with 4.8 g (=1.2 phr) of aminosilane Ameo from Degussa AG and 2.9 g (=0.75 phr) of the antioxidant Ethanox 310 from Albemarle Corporation at a roll temperature of 140.degree.C.to a rolled sheet of 1000 g (=251.95 phr).
5% of GD-E excited effect could be partially blocked by [D-Lys-3]-GHRP-6. Conclusion PVN can regulate the activity of GD sensitive neurons in the hippocampal CA1 region and ghrelin is involved in the regulation of excitement transfer through direct or indirect PVN-hippocampus pathway.
The results of the Group B experiments show that the use of the present invention provides an unexpected improvement in allergenic response over other methods.
Cells were treated with Forskolin(FSK), a kind of adenylate cyclase specific activator, to elevate intra-cellular cAMP and reverse transcript polymerase chain reaction was applied to detect FMR1 transcription
Value of the additional intercostal arterial embolization in the management of hemoptysis
The skin histology showed that there were little pathologic changes in each layer of the skin,follicles and hair follicles.
Objective To study the effect of family support on breast feeding,and to explore the effective ways of improving breast feeding rate.
But perhaps most remarkable , although they still harbored the mutation that should have affected mitochondrial repair , they had more mitochondria over all and far fewer with mutations than the sedentary mice had.
Theoretical Investigation of Interaction Between Di-nuclear Platinum Drug and DNA Duplex
Examples 7 through 10 Addition of plasticizer to a water-soluble film Two polymer blends were used to form plasticized water-soluble films, as shown in Table 2.35% 9K PVA was prepared as for Example 5, above.
The resultes showed that of the species examined, preparations of 12 species were found to contain lectins which agglutinated one or more types of the erythrocytes used. Agglutinations of erythrocytes produced by different species were different and the minimum protein concentration which was required to produce agglutination varied remarkably ranging from 0.8 μg /ml to 1100.0 μg /ml.
Excimer laser in situ keratomileusis for corretion of myopia
A study on evaluation of life quality in postoperative patients underwent total artificial knee joint replacement
The trial group 1,2,3 and CTC group were solely added 0.15% synbiotics with Chinese herbal medicine and Bacillus cereus, 0.15% synbiotics with Chinese herbal medicine and Lactobacillus acidophilus, 0.15% synbiotics with Chinese herbal medicine and Bacillus cereus, Lactobacillus acidophilus, 50mg/kg chlortetracycline (CTC) into the basal diet. The control group was no feed additive.
[Suitable for] Children who need to supplement iron, zinc, vitamin A and vitamin C.
acids included are citric acid, tartaric acid, fumaric acid malic acid, mixtures thereof and the like.
Methods: DCs and CIK cells were prepared from human PBMCs, then CIK cells were cocultured with autologous DCs for 4 days at a stimulator-to-responder ratio of 10:1 to prepare immunologic effector DC-CIK cells.
DHEA, non-permeable DHEA-BSA conjugate and spiro neurosteroids reversed serum deprivation-induced apoptosis by almost 50%, protecting PC12 cells from apoptosis, with IC50 of 0.15 nM (FIG. 2).
Objective To induce a rat model of senile dementia with kidney deficiency.
Objective To explore the elasticity characteristics of renal malignant tumors with virtual touch tissue quantification(VTQ),and to evaluate its value on differential diagnosis of renal clear cell carcinoma(CCRCC).
this invention relates to a process for preparing certain sulphonamide intermediates useful in the preparation of hiv inhibitors, and to the crystal forms thereof.
3. ablation method: use Cordis Webster 8 F ablating catheter, with temperature of 60 -65Ti or power of 15 -30W.
Pharmacokinetic-pharmacodynamics of Intramuscular Florfenicol in Serum and Tissue Cage Fluid of Swine
Objective To observe the clinical effect of high dose adrenaline on treating cardiac arrest .
The reaction mixture was gradually warmed to RT and stirred for 5 h.
Study on the Effect of Bcl-2 in Deltamethrin Induced Neural Cells Apoptosis
If it's a big pool of cholesterol, it will expand, causing the 'cap' of the deposit to tear off in the arterial wall
The optimal amount of sodium in liquid ammonia solution was obtained by comparative experiments. Effects of refining temperature on product yield were investigated
Objective:To develop a method for cholesterol determination in edible oil by gas chromatography flame ionization detector(GC-FID).
the abnormality are initially caused by huntingtin damage to that neuron of the striatum, but later wide areas of the brain may be involved.
Tendinitis can affect four different tendons of the foot - the achilles tendon, the posterior tibial tendon, the anterior tibial tendon and the peroneal tendon.
The total number of cases tested included 40 normal subjects, 76 myasthenia gravis, 20 sporadic viral encephalitis, 9 muscular dystrophy, 7 polymyositis, 3 motor neuron diseases, 5 epilepsia and 2 sequential cases of stoke.
Objective To explore the clinical features,diagnosis and treatment of patients with naso-pharyngo -laryngeal leeches.
Nucleobase Transport Proteins \ Proteins involved in the transport of nucleobases such as PYRIMIDINES and PURINES across membranes
however, with respect to a sugar tolerance t adopted as a detecting method for postprandial hyperglycemia, for example, that patient have to handle the following burdens.
Adding LLE can improve the activities of the kidney antioxidant enzyme and the content of GSH,at the same time,decrease the content of MDA.Therefore LLE plays an important role in improving exercise capacity and delaying the fatigue time of organs in rats.
The merging of the technologies of MEG and magnetic source imaging(MRI) resulted in a new medical imaging method-MSI(magnetic source imaging, MSI). It is a non-invasive examining technique on cerebral function with high temporal resolution and spatial resolution and location capacity in anatomic tomography
The severe cases in children aged ≤3 years accounted for 80. 12% and the deaths in children aged ≤3 years accounted for 84. 48%,the medians of age of these children were 1. 99 and 1. 52 years respectively.
3.Index of physiological and biochemical: during 1-week of heat-stress, TP and VE hadnot significant influence on the content of Na, K, total protein and CHOL in the serum(p>0.05 ), there wasn't interaction between them (p>0.05 );
In order to study its lipid metabolism as well as its evolutional relationship with other lower percoids, we used RT-PCR and RACE methods to get the cDNA sequences of NPY, UCP2, LPL and HL gene, and deduced their corresponding amino acid sequences
Twenty ASA Ⅲ, Ⅳ patients undergoing elective heart surgery were randomly divided into a control group(group C, n =10)and an ulinastatin group(group U, n =10), In group U, We introduced 300,000 units of ulinastatin into a priming solution for cardiopulmonary bypass.
Cloning and sequence analysis of growth hormone gene from Chinemys reevesii,collected in Guangxi
The popularized breast cancer sensor can reduce the occurrence of breast cancer and death rate herefrom, raise the discovery rate of early cancer and the rate of breast-preservation, largely cut the social medical expenses and increase the labor productivity. Therefore, the system bears remarkable social and economic profits.
is prepare by radix Ophiopogonis, roasted carapax et Plastrum Testudinis, prepare radix Polygoni Multiflori, fructus Ligustri Lucidi, radix Salviae Miltiorrhizae, radix Codonopsis, fried rhizoma Atractylodis Macrocephalae, Poria, roasted radix Glycyrrhizae, fructus Schisandrae, ramulus Cinnamomi, pollen Typhae, vinegarish faeces Trogopterori, flos Carthami, fructus Trichosanthis, Bulbus Allii Macrostemi, prepared rhizoma Pinelliae, radix Cyathulae, radix Platycodi and rhizoma Gastrodiae in a certain weight proportion.
measured the relatively ratio of leaves ions - leakage, SOD, POD, and content changes of proline and malonaldehyde of Ginkgo seedlings with different temperature condition in man - made climate equipment.
METHODS Statistical analysis was done to the data of body fluid drug concentration in these clinical cases.
The Value of Neoadjuvant Chemotherapy in the Treatment of Breast Cancer
Effect of paroxetine combined with quetiapine on the life quality of the patients with schizophrenia
SMOKING, ENVIRONMENT AND CANCER MORTALITY
increase vein blood oxygen content, reducing myocardial oxygen consumption index, improve myocardial ischemia, suppressing blood plaque coagulation, and inhibiting thrombosis in vitro.
The Effects of Calcium on the Growth and Some Physiological Properties of Loquat Seedlings
Polygonatum polysaccharide buccal tablets and preparation method thereof
From 1971 to 1992 decompressive craniotomy by bilateral coronary incision was performed in 116patients with bilateral severe frontotemporal contrecoup injury .
Recipients of infected blood products or invasive procedures in health-care facilities with inadequate infection control practices
Objective To observe the curative effect of rifampicin injection for first-time smear-positive pulmonary tuberculosis(TB) patients at intensive stage.
It has been proved by the method of Feulgen nucleic acid reaction that the \"nucleolar vesicle\" contained DNA
include breast cancer, lung canc, pancreatic cancer, skin cancer, and prostrate cancer
3.The number of CD8+ in the cancer nest and CD4+、CD8+ in the stroma at stage III were significantly higher than those at stage I~II.
indeed, in hop extract, in beer and in food products or supplement, IX, which is less estrogenic, is present in much higher concentrations than 8-PN.
Conclusions CT is the modality of first choice in the diagnosis of acute renal hemorrhage.
Functional assay of the hAGT-Sec62-Dha fusion protein: 100 mL of S.cerevisiae cells expressing hAGT-Sec62-Dha are grown at 30.degree.C.to an OD600 of.about.0.5 and supplemented with 100.mu.M CuSO4 4 hours prior to cell extraction.
The average follow up lasted for 3 year and 3 months,no cerebrospinal fluid leakage cyst formation,lumbago or headache was found.
A clear continuous gel film was formed at the end of 72 hours, and this was confirmed by observation under a microscope and determination from its physical characteristics.
Conclusion The MSH5 gene C85T polymorphism is not associated with the risk of POF.
study on that effect of the bioactive soybean pow on the wheat flour quality
There is provided o-nitrophenyl cyclopropyl ketone, a key intermediate in the manufacture of the crop-selective, herbicidal agent 1-{[o-(cyclopropylcarbonyl)phenyl]sulfamoyl}-3-(4,6-dimethoxy-2-pyrimi dinyl)urea and a method for the preparation of said ketone from dihydro-3-acetyl-2(3H)-furanone and o-nitrobenzoyl halide.
study of gray scale contrast-enhanced ultrasonography in diagnosis of acute blunt hepatic trauma in rat
The plasma levels of glucose and insulin were measured before and after glucose load in 36 essential hypertensives (EH) with insulin resistance(IR), 18 secondary hypertensives (SH) and 24 normotensives (NT).
The residue was dissolved in water (0.5 L) and extracted with toluene or hexane.
glyoxylic acid/aminomethylphosphonic acid mixtures prepared using microbial transformant
Objective To discuss significance of continuous monitoring of jugular venous oxygen saturation(S_(jv) O_2) in the course of mild hypothermia treatment(MHT) for severe traumatic brain injury (sTBI
effective ingredients: starch, salad oil, iodized salt, radishes, eggs, shiitake fungus and a white sheep kidney.
ANALYSIS OF THERAPEUTIC EFFECTS OF COMBINING OPERATION WITH FUNCTION EXERCISE IN TREATING PROXIMAL HUMERAL FRACTURES
A Double-Blind, Randomized, Placebo-Controlled Phase Ⅲ Clinical Trial of Anti-Interleukin-2 Receptor Monoclonal Anti-body(JIANNIPAI) to Prevent Acute Rejection in Early Stage of Renal Transplantation;
Determination of Trace Amount of Cerium by Inhibitory Discoloring Kinetic Spectrophotometry
The value of ICI in the diagnosis of vascular erectile dysfunction
The SAR loaded in satellite get images by the way of microwave. SAR has the advantage that optical images method can not to compare with, because microwave can pass through atmosphere containing cloud、snow、rain、mist and so on. Now people are actively exploring how to make good use of SAR date in the field of survey and mapping. Considering SAR's stable motion and highly relative relations in a short time, this article mainly explains characteristics of Radar images and howto extract DEM from stereo SAR imag...;
Conclusion KAP model health education is an important influential treatment for functional constipation in children.It can efficiently improve both medication and behavior compliance and the clinical treatment effect.
Results The maximum load and elastic modulus of cancellous bone of suspended group significantly decreased of control group
b) A mixture of intermediate 8 (0.5 g) and potassium carbonate (0.5 g) in ethanol (50 ml) was stirred and refluxed for 30 minutes, then cooled, poured out into water and extracted three times with CH. sub.2 Cl.sub.
Group V contained sfrain 33;
Results The baseline data of the two groups were not significantly different(P > 0. 05).
such as goats, sheep, cattle and pigs have very similar biology and share high degrees of genomic homology.
[Result] All cases were followed up from 6 months to 46 months.Forty-six cases of them obtained cosmetic effect,with 90. 20%(46/51) as satisfaction rate.
C onc lu sion:The murine fetal liver strom al cells can be induced into pancreatic endocrine cells byPDX1-.
medicinal composition for treating rheumatism
Evaluation was made after restoration for 1 to 2 years respectively.
And in ischemia 12h the activity of alanine aminotransferase(ALT) and aspartate aminotransferase(AST) were also increased significantly.
Namely, according to the baglike container for centrifugation of the present invention, by accommodating a dispersion liquid containing a vector and/or target cells as dispersoids dispersed therein followed by centrifugation, a gene can be efficiently introduced into target cells via the vector
Four Serious adverse events were observed in both groups, 3 events (pancreatic cancer, hospitalization due to nasal painful swelling, and hospitalization due to pleural effusion) in the treatment group, and one event (hospitalization due to traffic accident) in the control group.
Detection of dengue-4 virus antigens in by biotin-avidin dot immunogold filtrationassay
Apoptosis and differentiation induced by sodium selenite combined with all-trans retinoic acid (ATRA) in NB4 cells
Purpose: To investigate the diagnosis and treatment of incidentally discovered prostate cancer(IDPC
The blood glucose and cortisol concentrations in were observed at the time of regaining consciousness,15 min,30 min and 60 min after regaining consciousness respectively in the two groups.
Clinical Analysis of 251 Cases on Heat Accumulation Type of Liver and Stomach Reflux Esophagitis
The majority of children were experiencing serious traumatic stress manifested through nightmares, anxiety and concentration and appetite problems.
First compares several different effects of organic solvent extraction.The results show that petroleum ether is a better extractant.
Outcomes often fall short of the commitment.
Study on water-swelling rubber with CPE modified by in situ formed acrylate
The results showed that the rate of kidney cell micronucleus and the content of creatinine in serum were significantly increased(P<0.05),and the content of urea nitrogen in serum was significantly decreased(P<0.
Results: The rate of negative - cultured sputum was 88
Changes of platelet activity in middle-old aged patients with nonvalvular atrial fibrillation
Diagnosis of Papillary Carcinoma of Ampulla by Contrast-Enhanced Spiral CT after Low Tension and Drinking Water
the surgical netting assembly collects stones that are inadvertently spilled from the hepatobiliary tract , including the gallbladder and the common bile duct .
8541 This product has the effects of lowering blood sugar, reducing blood fat, preventing arteriosclerosis, killing Coxsackie virus, antiinflammatory, antibacterial, antiviral, scavenging free radicals, enhancing immunity, lowering blood pressure, reducing blood viscosity, anticoagulant, anti-thrombotic, dissolving thrombosis, recovering function of nervous system, antiaging, nourishing heart, invigorating kidney, strengthening brain, and prolonging life.
Experiment and Simulation of Reactive Distillation for 2,3-butanediol Separation from Fermentation Broth
Clinical study on plasma homocysteine in patients with cerebral infarction
HOMOLOGOUS ANALYSIS OF SARS-CORONAVIRUS SPIKE PROTEIN ENCODING GENE AND AMINO ACID SEQUENCE
The accurate needle puncture rate was 100%, accurate diagnosis rate 92.3%,and false negative rate 7.7%.
Many of them are naturally occurring mediators of immune regulation
Methods Four kinds of common cases Cyst,Stone,Tumor and Intrauterine Device were examinded and analyzed by B-type ultrasonography.
the optical biosensor 500 may further include blocks 610 formed on the organic layer of the guided mode resonance filter 510 to prevent the antibodies 502 or the antigens 600 from nonspecifically binding to an exposed surface of the organic layer.
Results The effective rates on the 4 th,7 th,and 14 th day after treatment were 40. 0%,62.5% and 97. 5% respectively in treatment group,which were significantly superior to those of control group(P<0.05).
Conclusion The insulin treatment is beneficial to the osteoporosis patients with type 2 diabetes,which may be related to the higher circulation insulin level in vivo.
in which a polymer len composition is injected into an empty len capsule and cured in-situ as a part of that surgical procedure.
The result was as follows:(1)In the liver injuries caused by the frostbite and DAB intoxification,the hepatocyte necrosis without fat degeneration could not directly cause the change in CK expression;
Determination of indigo in Jiangzhi Capsule by HPLC
Effects of companionship care during the birth process on pregnancy outcome
the presence of soft drusen in the macula, in the absence of any loss of macular vision, is considered an early stage of amd.
Based on SOC, most patients experienced infections and infestations, gastrointestinal disorders and nervous system disorders.
The putative cancer stem cells had stronger capacity to generate tumors in vivo.
study on Sandwich Dot-ELISA for detection of antigen of rabbit hemorrhagic disease Virus
The effects on amylose content and starch pasting properties in common wheat were Wx-B1 > Wx-D1> Wx-A1.The identification techniques of waxy wheat was mainly on cell, protein and molecular level
Also, when an assay is performed by a competition method, a binding substance may be composed of an antibody specifically binding to an antigen or a competitive antigen binding to an immobilized antibody competitively with an antigen.
In the subgroup analysis ethnicity and study design,there was still no significant association detected in all genetic models.
The problems existed in the several testing methods of rabbit fiber contents, which are notable on theory and applying process, are analysed
This reaction will, when the receptors forming patterned element 72 are configured in a diffraction-producing arrangement, be detectable by interrogation with a beam of coherent light as disclosed in United States Patent No. 7,008,794 issued to Goh et al. entitled METHOD AND APPARATUS FOR ASSAY FOR MULTIPLE ANALYTES.
This may include identifying alternating patterns of morphology indicating High-Low-High correlations to the morphology template.
examples of such surfactants include but are not limited to water-soluble salts or higher fatty acid monoglyceride monosulfates, such as the sodium salt of the monosulfated monoglyceride of hydrogenated coconut oil fatty acids, higher alkyl sulfates such as sodium lauryl sulfate, alkyl aryl sulfonates such as sodium dodecyl benzene sulfonate, higher alkyl sulfoacetates, higher fatty acid esters of 1,2 dihydroxy propane sulfonates, and the substantially saturated higher aliphatic acyl amides of lower aliphatic amino carboxylic acid compounds, such as those having 12 to 16 carbons in the fatty acid, alkyl or acyl radicals, and the like.
Treatment with Tong Xin Luo Capsule,however,both adhesion force and adhesion stress were markedly reduced ( P <0.05 or P <0.01).
The results of two groups were subjected to χ 2 test with χ 2= 12.96 and P < 0.001 , and the difference was significant.
20935 has effects of nourishing yin, moistening lung, removing heart-fire, relieving restlessness, invigorating stomach, promoting salivation, increasing anoxia tolerance, increasing blood glucose, and protecting health;
Pharmacokinetics of intravenously administered sodium dichloroac-etate in rabbits
Results The serum aldosterone levels in CKD patients caused by hypertensive nephropathy was significantly higher than those in patients with primary glomerular disease(P<0.01) even after correction with Cockcroft-Gault formual for the creatine clearance rate differences(P<0.05
The main postoperative complications were anterior uveitis and posterior synechia of the iris
Effects of Astragalus polysaccharide on proliferation and Akt phosphorylation of the basal-like breast cancer cell line
In addition, 44 out of 66 serum samples (66.7%) from mice immunized passively with clostridium piliforme are showed to be positive by IFA while 50 out of 66 (75.7%) are showed to be positive by ELISA
Sixty-eight cases with obstructive biliary disease included 41 cases with bile duct stone,15 cases with carcinoma in head of pancrea,3 cases with bile duct carcinoma,7 case with cholangitis,and 2 cases with carcinoma in the ampulla of Vater.
Negative predictive value: With respect to a clinical test for a disease, the extent to which testing negative indicates that one does not have or will not develop the disease.
2. APAGE analysis indicated that there was abundant variation of
6 hours after surgery,rats were anesthetized to obtain fresh pancreas and liver tissue,to take part for GSH detection and one for pathological observation and electron microscopy.
30. The vaccine of claim 29, wherein the immunogenic fragment or complete protein is a capsid protein of PTTV genotypes or subtypes PTTV1a-VA, PTTV1b-VA, PTTV2b-VA, and PTTV2c-VA.
Samples derived from 60 well-characterized NSCLC patients (30 adeno-CA, 30 squamous cell CA) are used.
Conclusion CT value measurement is valuable to distinguish the nature of the soft tissue in vertebral canal in clinical use.
The isolated antibody or the antigen fragment there of of claim 46 wherein the light chain complementarity determining region is selected from the group consisting of LCDR1, LCDR1, LCDR3, and combination thereof of XPA
in particular to a method for improve content of protein and combined lysine in wheat seed,
Electrochemical In Situ Step-scan Time-resolved Microscope FTIR Spectroscopy
Development of an Anti-Immune Complex Antibody to the Immune Complex of Anti-THC Fab and THC
THE EFFECTS OF 7 SUGARCANE CHARACTERSTO YIELDS
It has been observed that the viscosity of a water flooding composition according to the invention tends to increase and the mobility of a water flooding composition tends to decrease as the molecular weight of the hydroxyethyl cellulose backbone polymer increases.
Rapid isolation of high purity of eosinophils from peripheral blood byimmunomagnetic beads method
Conclusion IPNs should be emphasized,in modified radical mastectomy,especially with bigger primary mass,the axillary lymph node and late clinical staging(Ⅱb),the conventional dissection of IPNs can help us make a correct evaluation on the state of illness and clinical stage after operation.
and c groups compared. Control group: From 28 hrs to 76 hrs after coitus PGE_1 concentration showed no significant change, but PGF_(2α) concentration decreased 40~50% (at this moment the isthmic muscle was relaxed, and about 20% of the eggs entered the uterus). Progestogenic group: 28 hrs after coitus PGE_1 was dominant (75% of the eggs enterd the uterus two days ahead).
Conclusion p14ARF promoter methylation may constitute one of the important mechanism in inactivation of p14ARF gene and maybe involved in the development and progression of HCC.
The application of comfort care in nursing care of puerperant by vaginal delivery
At the same time, the turnip become sweeter, and hollow heart rate is reduced, hollow heart rate, water and amount of NO3- were decreased by 75.9~85.7%, 0.8~1.75% and 13.1-26
The degrading rate reached 55.9% after incubation for 72h
Cellulose E4 is a special cellulase from Thermomonospora fusca,which has relatively high activity on bacterial microcrystalline cellulose(BMCC) and synergizes with both classes of exocellulases and with endocellulases,but the other endocellulases from T. fusca do not synergize with each other.
The invasiveness and heat-labile enter-otoxin of 11 human strains of C.jejuniwere detected in NIH mice inoculatedwith the C. jejuni strains; the methods ofplate immunological hemolysin test andSPA-coagglutination test were employed.Ten strains of the bacteria invaded theingestine; 7 strains (45.46%) were po-sitive in SPA-coagglutination test;and4(36. 36%) produced enterotoxin. C. jejuni inChengdu area possess multiple pathogeni-city, e. g invasivenessand heat--labile entero-toxin,but we did not find definit...
Thecholesterol oxydase is widely applied to diagnosis、drugs manufacture industry、food industry、biologicalagricultural and so on, it has the widespread applicationprospect
soja was 59. 2-63. 5% and the DNA homology among five representative strains of ESG was greater then 7 0 % ( range ,72. 1 to 93. 4%), which indicated that these strains were in one genetic group. (2) DNAs from 5 ESG representative strains had very low mean homology (range,3. 8 to 30. 0%) with 16 other reference rhizobial strains.
Effect of squalene on reticulocyte and spleen haemosiderin in mice intoxicated with hydroxylamine nitrate
since it is unlikely that every hepatocyte is destroy in a damaged live, adequate liver support for two to three weeks could allow surviving hepatocyte to repopulate that damaged liver
FIG. 2B is a simplified illustration of a radiation source, leaf, trajectory of the leaf center, organ, target rotational axis, organ rotational radius and organ trajectory, in accordance with an embodiment of the present invention;
The Synthesis Process of a New Carbapenem Meropenem
The in fluence of two blood-collecting methods on blood cells analysis
High-Level Expression and Purification of Recombinant Staphylokinase from Engineering Bacterium
Staining of argentafinn protein in nucleolar organizer regions for diagnosis of acute lymphocytic leukemia and acute non-lymphocytic leukemia
Results Compared with cells of two dimensional culture system (2D system), higher E-cadherin expression was observed in cells of three dimensional culture system (3D system), and G 1 phase arrest, lower cell apoptosis rate, and decreased susceptibility to ADM were found in cells of 3D system. The differences diminished significantly after using SHE78-7 as the blocker of E-cadherin
Hormone Replacement Therapy Combined with Bisphosphonate for the Prevention and Treatment of Postmenopausal Osteoporosis: A Systematic Review
Results:The efficacy order of CPs on hydrolyzing protein/pigment complex film is ficin>papain>bromelain(P<0.05).
is prepare from cortex moutan, radix Trichosanthis, radix rehmanniae, radix Paeoniae alba, fructus Aurantii Immaturus, radix Platycodonis, rhizoma Zingiberis recens, fructus Jujubae, and radix Glycyrrhizae by extract with water and ethanol; mixing that extract with the ethanol extracts of Ganoderma and ramulus Cinnamomi
Observation of Medium-and Long-Term Effect of "Renal Failure Decoction" in Treating Chronic Renal Failure
the invention relates to a method for treating glyphosate mother solution by an integrated membrane separation process.the glyphosate mother solution to be treated is acid glyphosate mother solution obtained when glyphosate is produced by adopting a glycine method.
(3) cAMP accumulation was measured by [~3H] adenine prelabeling method.
Expression of transforming growth factor-β_1 and basic fibroblast growth factor in articular process cartilages of adolescent idiopathic scoliosis
Conclusions Sural artery perforator pedicled flap antegrade blood supply is reliable,the anatomy is clear,and is with simple operation,small influence on the function and shape,flap transfer of amplitude,repairing upper calf bone and soft tissue defect with plate exposure.
Conclusion Preoperative echocardiography and routine exploration of the root of aorta are important in the diagnosis of the subaortic stenosis with combined cardiovascular malformations.The key points of the operation are that the left ventricular outflow tract should be thoroughly unblocked and that no injury should be made to the mitral valve,aortic valve,and conduction bundle.
Expression of bone sialoprotein in the process of implant-bone interface remodeling with different implants
m2 and has an influence on the filtration efficiency, as a slower rate ensures more efficient particle retention.
Extraction of Flavonoids from Blood Orange Peel by Cellulase
Methods: Patients with acute myocardial infarction involved in this study randomly were evaluated by SSRS and SF-36 rating scales,the correlation of the two scale scores was studied by group,and then stratified comparison was performed between the two scores and patients’ baseline information.
Serotonin reuptake inhibitors include both selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors ( SSRIs ) and serotonin - norepinephrine reuptake inhibitors ( SNRIs ) .
synthesis, characterization and application of novel functional polyorganosilicon
Objective To investigate the effect of citalopram on mild cognitive impairment of patients with Binswanger disease MRI characteristics.
The results showed that 7 of out them were better effect and Hb, RBC, reticulotyte were increased, 11. 2g/L, 0. 35 ×1012/L, 0. 024 averaing respectively.
The transgenic techniques via YAC and BAC vectors may be another approach to obtain transgenic animals as mammary gland bioreactors with high efficiency and high expression without gene targeting
Methods Plasma protamine paracoagulation,modified plasma protamine paracoagulation and D-dimer(D-D) tests were performed for the plasma samples collected from 98 cases of disseminated intravascular coagulation(DIC) and 156 normal subjects.
(8) During four weeks, 5% group decreased the cost of gaining weight, each decreased 0.04 and 0.26 RMB/kg respectively compared with 2% group and 8% group.
The lufenuron belongs to a benzoyl urea systematic pesticide with high selectivity, is used for preventing Lepidoptera larvae on cotton, corn, vegetables, fruit trees, and the like, can be also used as a household pesticide and is mainly used for preventing cotton bollworms, leaf miners, asparagus caterpillars and olethreutids.
05).The VAS score was significantly lower in the intestinal surgery patients after electroacupuncture stimulation of points Hegu and Neiguan than before(P<0.01).
14. A process according to claim 1, wherein the purified synthesis gas is used in catalytic processes selected from the group consisting of Fischer-Tropsch synthesis, methanol synthesis, di-methyl ether synthesis, acetic acid synthesis, ammonia synthesis, methanation to make substitute natural gas (SNG) and processes involving carbonylation or hydroformylation reactions.
A thermoplastic resin composition includes, based on 100 parts by weight of the resin composition, a mixture of from 55 parts by weight to 98.5 parts by weight of a rubber modified thermoplastic resin comprising a discontinuous elastomeric phase dispersed in a continuous rigid thermoplastic phase, wherein at least a portion of the rigid thermoplastic phase is chemically grafted to the elastomeric phase;
Examples are described below which serve the purpose of illustrating how the invention works for isolation of TGS or other chlorinated sucrose derivatives in a reaction mixture/a process stream in the manufacture of a chlorinated sucrose including TGS, from other components without putting any limitations on the composition of a reaction mixture/a process stream taken, or on source of a reaction mixture/a process stream taken for isolation and separation.
Section 6 describes methods of administration of lonidamine (e.g., dose, route, schedule and duration of administration).
Improvement of Rice Blast Resistance by Molecular Breeding
IgG,IgA and IgM were higher in tumor group than in control group.
Results:Restriction endonuclease digestion and sequence analysis confirmed correct construction of the recombinant vector pEGFP-N1-Ubc9,which can be stably expressed in eukaryotic cells.
ResultsThe total effective rate for XiYanPing was 90. 63%,which only reached 66. 67% for ribavirin,and the difference between these two groups was statistically significant(p<0.05).
in transmission and reflection microscopy,
Methods OA was used to reproduce the model of ALI in rats
investigation of differentiation derive from human umbilical cord blood into neuron-like cells
Depend on Glasgow outcome scale(GOS), the markedly effective rate (61.29 %) and total effective rate (83.87%) in treatment group were significantly higher than those (30.00% and 60.00%, respectively) in control group(all P< 0.05
EXPERIMENTAL STUDY ON ANNULOPLASTY FOR ACUTE MITRAL REGURGITATION IN CALVES BY NEW FLEXIBLE RING AND IMITATIVE CARPENTIER RIGID RING
Anaiysis of 73 specimens with deep candida infection in general surgical ward
The tolerance to temperature for gene engineering bacteria of metallothionein and the romoval rate of Cd at a certain temperature was studied.
Analysis on Urine Osmolality of Chronic Kidney Disease Patients with Kidney Deficiency Syndrome
Methods Sudden cardiac arrest cardiopulmonary resuscitation model were established by the method of clipping in 24 rabbits.They were divided into 3 groups.
exercise induced asthma
The results showed that weak polar AB - 8 and DM - 130 were good sorbents of flavonoids
the solution can flow back up the catheter shaft leaking to the surface and ' reducing delivery to the tissue.
the regulation of NADPH oxidase in human Np by mab HIM_ ( 70
include a proton conductive polymer membrane and proton conductive microfibers coat on either side of that proton conductive polymer membrane
Furthermore,the optical conversion and binding with antitumor moiety can significantly increase the antitumor potency of glycyrrhetinic acid derivatives.Their hepato-targeting property should be evaluated with further in vivo animal study.
A 6-week feeding experiment was conducted to determine the optimum feeding frequency for gastric evacuation,growth performance and body composition of the juvenile genetic improved farmed tilapia strain of Nile Tilapia(Oreochromis niloticus)(GIFT strain of Nile tilapia).
The clinical evaluation of earlier intervention with probing of nasolacrimal duct on congenital dacryocystitis.
Action Site of Gastrodia Antifungal Protein on Trichoderma Hyphae
Online autofluorescence measurements during selective RPE laser treatment
The nucleated films have a microporous structure characterized by a multiplicity of spaced (that is separated from one another), randomly dispersed, non-uniform shaped, equiaxed particles of PVDF connected by fibrils, with nucleating agent in the interior of the particles. (Equiaxed means having approximately equal dimensions in all directions.)
Pathogen RNA can be reverse transcribed to produce a cDNA, which can then serve as a template for nucleic acid amplification.
The present invention relates to the construction and biological engineering preparation of the derivative of human tumor necrosin factor alpha(TNF alpha).
To determine the etiology of asymptomatic microscopic hematuria (AMH) and to formulate appropriate clinical strategies for management of such patients. We conducted a prospective study of 174 patients with AMH. In general, the patients were initially examined by urinalysis, urine cytology, biochemical examination of the blood, ultrasound, cystoscopy and intravenous urography. Some selected cases recieved computed tomography, angiography and tissue biopsy. On initial examination, 6(3.4%) highly significan
the over-stimulation of cholinergic receptor in that neuromuscular junction results in the shake of hands or impaired body postulation in such patients
The two groups were compared in terms of Fugl-Meyer movement function and Barthel index.
the patient ( parent or tutor ) must be carefully questioned to assure treatment adherence according to protocol requirements .
study on polysiloxane in situ modification and its application of precipitate nm SiO_2
STUDY ON PROTEINASE ACTIVITY OF OPHIOCEPHALUS ARGUS
the positive control probe ( PCP) is a nucleic acid probe immobilize on that positive control immobilization region, and a current value in each of the nucleic acid probes C1 to C4 immobilize on the respective wells is shown
Results:the MIC50 and MIC90 of imipenen and meropenem were 0. 25 ug/mL and 0. 5 ug/mL vs. 0. 5 um/mL and 1. 5 ug/mL respectively.
the present invention relate to that field of animal feed, specifically to a suckling pig low-protein diet and its use, which is object to provide a suckling pig low-protein diet which reduce the early suckling pig diets thereby improving the use efficiency of amino acid, and reducing the feed cost, and its use
specific example of that low-molecular surfactants may include alkylbenzenesulfonic acid salt, dioctylsulfonesuccinic acid salts, alkylamineacetic acid salts, alkyl fatty acid salts or the like
specifically, ATG at nucleotide number 993 995 in SEQ ID NO: 1 was changed to GGA use that plasmid pAV1 as a template, an oligonucleotide having a nucleotide sequence of SEQ ID NO: 11 and mutan super expression Km ( Takara Shuzo
and 5.) Microbial oil production can be manipulated by controlling culture conditions, notably by providing particular substrates for microbially expressed enzymes, or by addition of compounds or genetic engineering approaches to suppress undesired biochemical pathways.
The expression levels of HSP70 in rat brain were measured by West blot 6 h, 1 d, 2 d, 4 d and 6 d after +G Z exposures.
Establishment and observation of animal model of posterior capsule opacification in BALB c mice
It is known that various organic binder systems dispersed in an aqueous medium by salt formation can be deposited electrophoretically on a conductive metal article dipped in the aqueous bath.
hemoglobin polypeptide aminophenol nutrient and preparation method thereof
However,high sensitivity C-reactive protein in the role of ischemic cerebrovascular disease is still controversial.
Compose of MOS-Cr(III) complex makes use of Manoligosaccharides and chromium chloride to compound, by the complex rate as investigation standard, the paper researchs the condition of complex MOS-Cr(III) and reviews the reaction factors(pH, reaction time, reaction temperature and titer) in order to confirm the best condition.MOS-Cr(III) complex is determined: pH 12, the reaction time 2.0 hours, the reaction temperature was 50 ℃, the volume of 0.45 mol/L CrCl3 solution was 5 mL.meanwhile.The Complex was detected by
Antitumor Activity of CpG-ODNs and HSP-MUC1 & Establishment of ELISA for HSP-HER2 and HSP-HER2 Antibody
Based upon the surgeon's observation of the visible laser beam in relation to the corneal position, the surgeon will manually engage the eyetracker using his or her best judgment about the corneal position.
Methods A total of 86 cases of severe stroke were randomly divided into control group and observation group with 43 cases in each gorup.
Anodic Adsorptive Voltammetric Determination of Rifampicini at A Carbon Paste Electrode
Relative Study of HHV-6 and HHV-7 Infection Related to CMV Infection on Renal Transplantation;
subsequently, there is prepare a probe which has both a reporter fluorescent dye and a quench fluorescent dye, and that probe contains, for example, a 15 to 50 bp oligonucleotide which correspond to a partial sequence of amplified fragment
Monoclonal antibodies may be prepared using hybridoma methods, such as those described by Kohler and Milstein, Nature, 256:495 (1975).
in a preferred method for prepare,
Objective: To observe the result of the treatment of acupuncture and moxibustion for the periphery facial nerve paralysis (PFNP) and to discuss its theory and the mechanism of effect.
The intermediate syndrome in organophosphorus pesticides poisoning: a report of 4 cases
Methods According to the NCEP-ATPIII diagnostic criteria,packet the 126 cerebral infarction cases which had been comfirmed by CT exam to metabolic syndrome group and nonmetabolic syndrome group and compare the clinical feature of the two to analyze the correlation between cerebal infarction and metabolic syndrome.
i. e. that flavour and colour of the beverage is dependent on the manipulation of tealeaf to induce certain biochemical changes.
1. Method for the recovery of poxvirus from infected cells comprising the step of subjecting the infected cells to a high-pressure homogenization to obtain a poxvirus-containing homogenate.
The egg fertilized in vitro implanted in the uterus of the birth mother with no further complications
Application of anterior vitrectomy in complicated ocular trauma
Objective To explore whether simple glucose disposition index(ΔI30/ΔG30×1/HOMA-IR)obtained from OGTT is reliable for evaluating islet β-cell function in PCOS patients.
it was found that prepare crystalline powder have improved flow properties, in particular high bulk density and / or high tapped density, preferably include carrying out that process, in particular the crystallizing, separating and drying, under such conditions that the dried crystals have an increased particle size, in particular increased d50 and / or dio.
Objective: To investigate the differences of curative effect and safety of submucous injections added adnephrin or normal sodium separately in therapeutic endoscopy of colonal adenoma.
Ra and Rb are alike or different and are hydrogen or alkyl radicals which may also, together with the two oxirane carbon atoms, form a 5- to 8-membered ring, and
improved particulate feed additives and methods are provided for enhancing feed utilization efficiency in a ruminant animal by adding to the feed of the animals a particulate feed additive comprising a nonionic surfactant to enhance the utilization of the feed by the animal and a sufficient amount of an antioxidant agent to substantially enhance the shelf life of the feed additive.
next to construct expression vector pET-Cu/Zn-SOD, the Escherichia coli was induced by IPTG, results showed enzyme activity of the translated bacteria had increased 17% than the comparison ,the expression protein had enzyme activity.
Cloning, expression of rat GDNF gene and it's effects on PC12-engineered cells
Streptomyces citrate synthase gene and encoding protein thereof
a detergent composite comprising the extract and a manufacturing method thereof, wherein the wheat bran extract is obtained by adding the mixed water, sugar and salts into the wheat bran and then performing an enzyme reaction;the wheat bran, water, sugar and salts are mixed according to a certain proportion, and then filtered to obtain the bran extract after the enzyme reaction on certain conditions,
Conclusion In addition to consider common cerebrovascular disease,it is necessary to improve the diagnosis consciousness of PE for aged patients when syncope occurs.Routine examinations including electrocardiogram,D-dimer,color Doppler ultrasound,blood gas analysis,spiral CT,pulmonary angiography can reduce the occurrence of missed diagnosis of PE.
(e) diafiltering the lysate from (d) with a buffer which is not retained by the diafiltration membrane, a chelating agent and a detergent to solubilize and remove the outer membrane proteins;
The IVM method takes undeveloped or immature eggs from the ovaries and matures them in the laboratory without making use of any drugs
Floral Nectaries in Swertia:Anatomy and Morphology
The effects of long-term hypoxia on human reaction time
Study on the intervening mechanism of taurine on streptozotocin-induced diabetic cataracts
Heparin-iron complex multilayer nanomodification improves hemocompatibility of decellular xenograft
Methods 40 extracted single-rooted anterior teeth were divided into two groups,20 in each.They were instrumented by modified step-back flare technique and obdurated with gutta-percha and cortisomol sealer using lateral condensation.
Functional Investigation of the HD-Zip Transcription Factor Gene Mfhb-1 in Aalfalfa (Medicago Falcata L.)
intravascular ultrasonophy in study of coronary plaque morphology
Results:The disappear time of cough,asthma,lung rales in the observation group were shorter than the control group,and the difference was statistically significant(P<0.05).The effective rate of observation group was 96. 7%,and the effective rate of control group was 78. 3%,and the difference was statistically significant(P<0.01).
the present invention relate to biodegradable multiphase compositions comprise a continuous phase composed of a matrix of at least one tough hydrophobic polymer incompatible with that starch and a nanoparticulate dispersed starch phase with mean dimensions of less than 0.25 m
The effects of extraction time, extraction temperature, solid-liquid ratio and extraction times on extraction rate of polysaccharides were investigated by single factor experiment
Subcellular localization indicated that OsMYB106 protein was located in nucleus.
Methods: PBMC from 51 HIV-1 Clade B infected donors were separated by Ficoll-Hypaque density gradient centrifugation. HIV-1 Nef specific CD8~(+)T cell responses were analyzed by gamma interferon(IFN-γ) enzyme-linked immunospot(ELISpot) assay using 54 synthetic peptides spanning all HIV-1B and C Nef proteins.
Rehabilitation nursing care for patients with dysphagia caused by stroke associated with pseudobulbar paralysis.
Conclusion The changes of blood lipid and other indexes in PS patients are related to the formation of syndrome elements.
surgical retractor for gynaecology and obsterics
Also it makes a comparative analysis of the influence of different nanoparticles on the friction characteristics of the lubricating oil when the different volume fraction of the prepared fraction nanoparticles is put into the lubricating oil.
the amplification product can be visualized by electrophoresis on an agarose gel aft treatment with TaqI.
SPSS 13. 0 software package was used in the data analysis process and prevalence rates of hypertension were analyzed by chi-square test.
This study not only provides a powerful experiment data for establishing more resistant and susceptible inbred lines,but also provides significant evidence for studying the correlation between MHC and AL resistance.
Results 14 days later,through the treatment of antibiotic,secondary fungus infection rate found in the treatment group was significantly lower than the control group(P<0.05).
The Method for Bacterial DNA Extraction Directly from Soils for PCR Amplification
The effects of heat treatment(under crystallization temperature 523℃ and 628℃ for 2~6h) on the microstructure and microhardness of as-sprayed coatings were investigated by XRD and Weibull distribution analysis
Construction of Anti-CD3 Human/Murine Chimeric Antibody Genes for Expression in Mammalian Cells
copolymers of terminally functionalized perfluoro ( alkyl vinyl ethers ) ( such as nafion ( r ) ) are used as photochlorination reactor materials through which light is able to pass for the purpose of interacting with the reactants, thereby promoting the photochemical reaction.
With systeamine pretreatment de-creased yields of dominant lethals were obtained in spermatocytes, spermatids and in spermatozoa
Increasing estrogen dosage and duration of use were linked to increased risk for GERD symptoms (P 001 for each
He Xiao used Brucea javanica oil emulsion injection for treatment of 48 patients with late stage cancer (21 cases of lung cancer, 12 cases of liver cancer, 8 cases of gastric cancer, 1 case of cholangiocarcinoma), of which 14 patients had serous effusions (9 cases of pleural effusion, 5 cases of ascites).
The toxicity of artificial siliconelens was studied. The results showedthat it contained no toxic componentspermeating through the body. Noirritation was observed with any ofits extracts, and none of its componentswere found to be pyrogenic. Theheamolysis rate was no more than5%; growth rate of L_(929) cells andheamopoietic stem cell cultures showedstimulation. Chrosmosomal aberrationrate and micronuclei rate of bonemorrow erythrocytes were notincreaed. Short and long time subcu-taneous implantation of thes...
in another embodiment, the silanol solution is provided by reacting silane with water to form an aqueous solution comprising silanol and ethanol and removing at least a substantial portion of the ethanol from the aqueous solution. hi yet another aspect, the preferred embodiments of the present invention provide a solution comprising about 50 % or greater of silanol by weight.
Depletion of liver HDAC3 causes fatty liver in normal adult mice
There were no significant differences in latency, amplitude and conduct velocity between in situ implantation group and ectopic transplantation group(P>0.05).
siRNA knocks down mRNA expression of Nogo receptor in cultured rat neurons
The outcome of a decision rule may be that another decision rule becomes applicable, so that the patient state moves through a clinical decision tree along a clinical decision pathway
Fifteen novel carboxaldehyde hydrazone derivatives(2a~4e) containing thiazole and pyrazole ring were synthesized by condensation reaction of 1-phenyl-3-methyl-pyrazol-4-carboxaldehyde with thiosemicarbazide,then cyclization with α-bromoacetophenone.Their structures were characterized by 1H NMR,IR and elemental analysis.
Vitamin B12(VB12) was selected as a model of the middle molecular substances.The morphologies of MWCTs and activated carbon from commercial "carbon kidney" were observed with scanning electron microscopy(SEM) and transmission electron microscopy(TEM).
here and hereinbelow the term " cyano-q-6-alkyl " represents a linear alkyl group having 1 to 6 carbon atoms with to a terminal cyano group, for example cyanomethyl, cyanoethyl, cyanopropyl, cyanobutyl, cyanopentyl or cyanohexyl.
The ratio of meat production to feed was 2.808,2.705,2.859and 3.348, respectively
R, R independently from each other represent hydrogen, a linear or branched alkyl radical having 1 to 22 carbon atoms,
Immunosuppression effect of co-infection with MDRV and H9 AIV on thymus in muscovy ducks
" periodically " means that the compositions, food compositions, and compounds are administered on a dosage schedule acceptable for a specific composition, food composition, and compound and that the food compositions are administered or fed to an animal routinely as appropriate for the particular animal.
except for a single change in its amino acid sequence.
05）.On Blood smears,the size,shape,distribution of platelet were normal.
While the number of people on antiretroviral therapy increased by nearly two thirds during the second half of 2004, in low- and middle-income countries only 12 per cent of those who need antiretroviral therapy were receiving it as at December 2004
joint effect among p53, CYPIA1, GSTM1 polymorphism combination and smoking on prostate canc risk: an exploratory genotype-environment interaction study
Study on Age Structure and Its Dynamic Characteristics of Wild Idesia polycarpa Population in Guizhou Province
Conclusion The plasma homocysteine level was high in hypertension patients and hypertension with stroke patients,It may be a risk factor of hypertension and cerebrovascular disease.
hydrogenate polystyrene ( polyvinylcyclohexane ) was described for that first time by Hermann Staudinger in 1929.
surgical treatment of patient with severe acute pancreatitis complicated pancreatic necrosis and pancreatic abscess
Tumor Microenvironment
DEHYDROGENATION OXIDATION METHOD SYNTHESIS IMINODIACETIC ACID
CT Diagnosis of Pulmonary Alveolar Proteinosis
{0}Antibody identification wells{1}
The length density of capillary in each subfield of the hippocampus and dentate gyrus was dentate gyrus>CA_3>CA_4>CA_2>CA_1.There were the internal and the external vein systems in the hippocampus.
heavy metal adsorption copolymer with sulfonic acid group and preparation method thereof, and application of heavy metal adsorption copolymer to wat treatment
in effect, one can assay for that presence of any molecule of inter using this methodology
culturally sensitive volunteering requires a willingness to learn and directly engage with the targeted groups, taking into consideration the sensitivities of the recipient countries, especially in the areas of gender, age, ethnicity, culture and religion.
Furthermore,the optimal cut-off point of HbA1c for diagnosis DM and IGR was 6. 1% and 5. 5% for males,and 6. 3% and 5. 8% for females respectively.
DETECTION OF CIRCULATING ANTIGEN AND ANTI-ID IN SCHISTOSOMIASIS WITH THEIR COMPARISON
Methods: 34 patients with refractory schizophrenia were treated with Resperidone≥4mg/d and Sodium valproate≥600mg/d for 20 weeks.
the mycotoxin absorbent compound premix for dairy cows of the invention is the specific mycotoxin absorbent compound premix for the dairy cows, which can effectively absorb mycotoxin in the feed of the dairy cows, has the effect of repairing, activating and improving the body immunity of the dairy cows and can improve the quality of raw material milk and the productivity of the dairy cows, prolong the service life of the dairy cows and improve the whole economical benefit of a farmland.
Peak information showed that 257 thousand and 197 thousand peaks were obtained for each sample,covered 6. 53% and 5. 29% in the genome.These peaks had a widely distribution among gene regions but had a maximum number in the internal introns.
When used, the medicine sheet after being moistened is pressed to contact the skin of affected area, so that potency of drug may be penetrated via subcutaneous tissue to reach the affected area of cancer and pain.
Effect of different drying methods on the seed germinability in brewing barley
the remainder of that starch, 6g, was adde in small amounts and mil with the ezetimibe after each addition
The present invention relates to water-insoluble, crosslinked amide derivatives of hyaluronic acid and manufacturing method thereof, where the amide derivatives of hyaluronic acid are characterized by crosslinking, of polymer or oligomer having two or more amine groups, with hyaluronic acid or its hyaluronate salts through amidation reaction.
the prognose were similar in both group, but they were better than exploration group
increase immune system development, maintain or increase CD4+ and CD8+ T lymphocyte levels, increase immune function,
The hydrogel of the resin appears pseudoplastic rheologic behaviour and high thickening power.
the enzyme suspension contained 142 ml of above enzyme solution and 170 ml of water.
in ord to be able to influence, or increase, that in-vivo synthesis of natural carotenoids and isoprenoid and, in particular, astaxanthin biosynthesis
Effects of epimedium pubescens icariine on proliferation and differentiation of human osteoblasts
Methods By order of admission,86 patients with urinary tract infection has randomly divided into observation group and control group(n=43 cases).The observation group was treated with intravenous infusion of levofloxacin 500mg,qd;control group were given intravenous ciprofloxacin 400mg,bid.Continuous administration of 7 days for a course of treatment.
Preterm birth occurred in70%of rats in treatment group and in10%in control group(P<0.05).
5 . the composition according to claim 4 , wherein the solvent is ethanol , ethyl acetate , isopropyl alcohol , triacetin , triethyl citrate , tributyl citrate , a polyethylene glycol9 propylene glycol , bisabolol , glycerin , mineral oil , ethyl oleate , a fatty acid ester , squalane , an animal oil , a vegetable oil , a hydrogenated vegetable oil , isopropyl myristate , isopropyl palmitate , glycofurol , a terpene , an essential oil , an alcohol , a polyol , a silicone fluid or a glyceride .
To put the seedlings of four rice and upland rice varieties under water stress to study the relationship bewteen SOD (Superoxide Dismutase) activity and drought resistance.
Application of the PCT,hs-CRP and Nst counts for diagnosis in neonatal sepsis
Construction of an integrative plasmid pLCM182 for heterogeneous gene cloning, sequencing, expression and its application in cytokine expression
INFLUENCE OF OPERATION ON PHARMACOKINETICS OF GENTAMICIN IN RABBITS
Representative heterocyclics include furyl , thienyl , pyrazolyl , pyrrolyl , methylpyrrolyl , imidazolyl , indolyl , thiazolyl , oxazolyl , isothiazolyl , isoxazolyl , piperidyl , pyrrolinyl , piperazinyl , quinolyl , triazolyl , tetrazolyl , isoquinolyl , benzofuryl , benzothienyl , morpholinyl , benzoxazolyl , tetrahydrofuryl , pyranyl , indazolyl , purinyl , indolinyl , pyrazolindinyl , imidazolinyl , imadazolindinyl , pyrrolidinyl , furazanyl , N - methylindolyl , methylfuryl , pyridazinyl , pyrimidinyl , pyrazinyl , pyridyl , epoxy , aziridino , oxetanyl , azetidinyl , the N - oxides of the nitrogen containing heterocycles , such as the N - oxides of pyridyl , pyrazinyl , and pyrimidinyl and the like .
Expression of apoptotic factors in the tissues of cervical cancer
Soy Protein Used as a Chelant of Copper in Waterborne Preservatives
10 . a contraceptive kit for human female contraception which comprises a reservoir containing monophasic oral contraceptive dosage units sufficient for at least any two cycles of contraception , one dosage unit to be administered each day starting on numerical date ' m + 4 ' of a month and stopping on numerical date ' m ' of the following month wherein ' m ' is a numerical date of a month from 1-24 .
Synthesis and Properties of Poly(Acrylic Acid-Humic Acid) Composite Water-Absorbents
Observation of the change of soluble intercellular adhesion molecules-1 and urea microalbumin during cardiopulmonary bypass
Results After HBL treatment, 4 patients im-proved significantly in fatigue and abdominal distension, 3 patients with hepatic coma improved in level of en-cephalopathy
Oral implantology is a subject concerning the implantation of the oral hard and soft tissue to reconstruct the defects.Recently,in the field of the oral implantology,with the advance of the research and the rapid development of the dental implant system,dental implatation has been widely used in clinic,and the need of the implant therapy is increasing.
Objective To analyze the CT characteristics of posttraumatic pulmonary pseudocyst(PPP),and discuss the mechanisms of its formation.
HYDROXYAPATITE PARTICULATE ARTIFICIAL BONE FOR REPAIRING SUNKEN DEFORMATION OF FRONTAL BONE FOLLOWING REMOVAL OF DERMOID CYST
Effects of Astragalus Polysaccharides on learning and memory in vascular dementia mice
The local expression of proliferating cell nuclear antigen(PCNA) and P-selectin were analyzed by immunohistochemical technique
Unexpectedly, many of the butanol tolerant microorganisms identified using the method of the present invention in the examples herein were bacteria belonging to the genus Lactobacillus.
Correlation analysis of hyperlipemia and fatty livers
took her food intravenously
Conclusion: Due to special vascular condition of high internal fistula,higher skill of puncture is required;utilization time of high internal arteriovenous fistula should be grasped correctly as well as right puncture method,which could teach the patients self-nursing,prevent the obstruction of internal fistula and ensure normal conduction of hemodialysis.
The product of the present invention improves the nutrition of patients with intestinal tract disease and at the same time has obvious curing effect on gastroenteritis, gastric ulcer, gastric perforation and black eye socket, and can be taken for a long term.
This review describes the metabolic complications and their treatment.
Methods 68 patients with deep burn of knee joint(including peripheral burn skin of popliteal fossa) were treated with maintenance of motor function and rehabilitation nursing.
Curative Effect Observation of Injecting Hyaluronate Sodium after Comminuted Fracture of Tibial Plateau Reposition
Thus, aldehyde and cyanide produced from.alpha.-hydroxynitrile as the starting material can be the cause of decreased enzymatic activity.
histological kinetic of experimental periapical lesions in SD rat
the surgical treatment of spinal tuberculosis in old patients
[Conclusions] Data presented in this study indicated that T. albuminosus had the ability to degrade lignin,which made cellulose more easily degraded by the cellulase produced by fungus-growing termite.
Clinical observation and ultrasonic imaging charactistic of acute poisonous mushroom poisoning
An advantage of the present invention is that the method quickly delivers an effective stimulation to the animal.
Analysis of the Therapeutic Effect of Wenxin Keli on 65 Cases of CAD with Cardiac Arrhythmia
This application presents minimally-obstructive and structurally-adjustable retractors which afford an open work area of desirable size and enhanced visualization for a surgeon about the perineum and the posterior vaginal wall of the patient.
DV-X_α STUDY OF ACETYLENE, ETHYLENE ADSORBED ON IRON-GRAPHITE INTERCALATION COMPOUNDS
The results show that inthe cases of hepatitis the copper level in serum was significantly higher, and was notably different, compared with the control group (P < 0. 01
Methods A retrospective study was performed in 11 fetuses with BSA.The ultrasonic features of BSA were analyzed.
The microstructure and properties of Al-9.0Zn-2.5Mg-1.2Cu-0.12Sc-0.15Zr alloy under different treatment conditions were investigated by using optical microscope(OM), scanning electron microscope(SEM), transmission electron microscope(TEM), X-ray diffractometry and measurements of tensile properties and electric conductivity
Results After stimulation by TGF-β1 for 24 h,the proliferation and migration of AF were higher compared with those untreated.Knockdown of Smad2 and QC-containing serum with high and low doses inhibited proliferation and migration of AF(P<0.05).And drug-containing serum could downregulate expression of Smad2,while up-regulating expression of Smad7(P<0.01).
Ovary culture could overcome the post-fertilization barrier in B.campestris×B.oleracea var.acephala. Two hybrids of B.campestris×B.oleracea var.acephala were obtained from 40 ovaries cultured on medium MS+1.0mg/L BA+0.2mg/L NAA+7? % sugar+300 mg/L CH 10 days after pollination.
In certain embodiments, the ratio of the amine and acid is selected to provide greater biological tolerance.
the UV absorbance is significantly different from compound to compound, and thus is not ideal for use as a universal concentration detector.
81. hrw recommended that south africa ensure that asylum seekers, refugees, and zimbabwean migrants are not subject to arbitrary or extra-legal arrest and deportation; ensure their timely access to healthcare service; and review national standards on deportation of people living with hiv.
l - 1 potassium dihydrogen phosphate - 2.5 m mol.
In the above, R1 is independently H, a substituted or unsubstituted straight-chain or branched-chain alkyl group, or a substituted or unsubstituted straight-chain or branched-chain alkoxy group.
The detection and significance of human papilloma virus 11b virus like particles and its serum antibody in juvenile larynx papilloma
study on mink enteritis modify Virus vaccine
Exploration of the therapy of cesarean scar pregnancy in 43 cases
It also decreased remarkably the content of lipid peroxide in serum(P<0.01). Blood urea nitrogen, serum creatinine and proteinuria were reduced significantly(P<0.01, P<0. 01, P<0.01
Method for detecting mycobacterium tuberculosis and nontuberculous mycobacteria using duplex real-time polymerase chain reaction and melting curve analysis
Methods The tumorigenicity of human breast cancer stem cell line MCF-7 cultured in serum-free media was confirmed in NOD/SCID mice,and the radiosensitivity of the cells was tested by clone formation assay following radiation exposure.Flow cytometry was performed to evaluate radiation-induced cell cycle changes,and the protein expression of pCDC25C(ser216) was measured by Western blotting.
The Behavior Difference between Two Subtypes of ADHD Children and the Corresponding Educational Strategies
Study on the optimization synthesis of telmisartan
In cases where the drug was taken during pregnancy,its effects deformed the infants.
Individual factors such as respiratory viruses and particular bacterial pathogens are associated with indexes of more severe exacerbations.
The results showed that ingestion and endocytosis were the two most important processes for gold nanoparticle uptake by Tetrahymena pyriformis.Gold nanoparticles distributed in food vacuole,cytoplasm and macronuclear of Tetrahymena pyriformis.
Clone and Expression of Anti-CD_3 Single Chain Antibody Gene
It suggested that most of PSⅡ units of L. vicaryi leaves would be damaged in sunshine condition,and activity of the accepter side was lower than that of donor side in the remainder activated PSⅡ of golden leaves.During shadowing process,the recovery rate of reaction center and the light-harvesting antenna system of PSⅡ of the golden leaves were not synchronous,but both of them could recover to the normal state as that of green shade leaves after 2 month shadowing.
Experiment Study on Influence of Endothelin、Calcitonin Gene-Related Peptide in Kangmai Injection Treating Femoral Atheriosclerosis Obliterans Rabbits
Result Fleroxacin injection had no significant stimulation on vessels and muscles.
(3) the production capacity of the phosphoric acid is about 16-30 percent,
Extraction of Flavone Glycosides from the Seed of Morus alba L. by CO_2 Supercritical Fluid and its Antimicrobial Effect
identification and clone of coat protein Gene of tomato Aspermy Virus infecting Chrysanthemum
Dynamic study of electral acupuncture on serum cytokines in depressive patients
hybrid J2×C15, with single skin pattern sex-limited parent ( J2 ), was superior to that checkQing Song×Hao Yue, with cocoon weight of 2.28g, cocoon shell weight of 0.59g, cocoon shellratio of 26.03%, which was 1.11, 1.15 and 1.04 time that of the check, respectively.
Conclusion: Anisodamine with transfusion treatment could improve mesenteric microcirculation during hemorrhagic shock.These data suggest that anisodamine could serve as a potential therapeutic agent for preventing shock pathological changes via modulating mesenteric microcirculation.
Clinical Application of Magnesium Sulfate in Cardiovascular Diseases
High dispersion nano magnesium hydroxide were prepared via controlling the supersaturation of reaction system by changing reaction temperature using refined magnesium chloride solution obtained by the reaction of light calcined powder with ammonium chloride as raw material and gaseous ammonia as precipitant.The products were characterized by scanning electron microscopy(SEM),X-ray diffraction(XRD) and laser particle analyzer.
cases(6.71%) of the chromosomal structural abnormality, 11 cases(6.71%) chromosome polymorphism
Application of gypensapogenin a to pancreatic fibrosis prevention and treatment drugs
The blood pressure of high salt case group was lower than that of high salt control group (P0. 05 ) .
Reduction in C-reactive protein and LDL cholesterol and cardiovascular event rates after initiation of rosuvastatin: a prospective study of the JUPITER trial
these two actions would be synergistic with each other as well as with the septal GABAergic projections in increasing the excitability of the pyramidal neurons .
the preparation method comprise that following step: adding an initiator solution to a water-soluble polysaccharide solution, regulating the pH value, sequentially adding a monomer-containing solvent and a crosslinking agent to carry out crosslink reaction so as to obtain nanoparticles, dialyzing or centrifugalizing, and carrying out freeze-drying to obtain the water-soluble polysaccharide/hydrophobic monomer formed nanoparticles
in part for this reason, alpha adrenergic agent have not generally been used as neuroprotective agent in that past, except in topical or local applications in which the agent is not generally administered systemically
Preparation process of 4-monosubstituted phenyl-1,2,3,6-tetrahydropyridine hydrochloride
The misdiagnosis rate is high in neonatal congenital hip dysplasia because of lack of the visualization method directly. Since 1983, there have been several reports on the use of ultrasonography in the diagnosis of the neonatal hip dysplasia in the western country.An experimental study was performed on 125 neonatals and infants to obtained the images of their hips by ultrasonography:.The result of the study shows: this method can directly visualize the cartilaginous femoral head and define it's relation wit...
The left femoral artery was removed after ligation of branches, and rat ASO model of hindlimb ischemia was produced.
Recovery Method after Heat-injury and Knock Out of rpoH Gene in Salmonella Enteritidis
Prinzmetal angina ( spasm ) , acute coronary syndrome , heart failure ,
The expression of bone sialoprotein in mouse molargerms induced by retinoic acid in vitro
it will be evident that a variety of different type of nucleic acid markers are optionally detect simultaneously by that methods and used to identify the cell.
Methods 20 cases of BBE were analyzed in respects of their age, sex, clinical manifestations, auxiliary examination and their response to corticosteroid.
Conclusion Bre inhibits the contraction induced by NA through its inhibition effects on Ca 2+-influx and Ca 2+-release; it enhances the Ca 2+-influx induced by high potassium, but the mechanism by which Bre enhances the high potassium inducing Ca 2
study of color Doppler flow image on salivary gland mass
The Expression and Significance of P75NTR and RhoA in Brain Tissue of Newborn PVL Rats
the study of C-Reactive protein change in patients with chronic bronchitis, Lung canc and asthma
Netilmicin in the prevention of postoperative infection
(6) The weight of liver changed significantly as the weight of the immune organs was compaired : group A was significantly lower than group B (p<0.01);
the preservative is selecte from that group consisting of a sorbate salt, a benzoate salt, sorbic acid, benzoic acid and mixture thereof
the amount of this particular aberration coefficient is expressed in waves.546nm. the reference group consisting several iols of prior art shows significantly larger differences of sa at pupil zones up to 4.5mm and above.
Effects of Dynamic High-pressure Microfluidization on Granular Structure of Waxy Maize Starch
Conclusion:Xiaotong Powder fomentation combined with electro acupuncture showed a good clinical curative effect in the treatment of lumbar disc herniation and could effectively shorten the course of treatment.
fig. 5 shows the plate-on-plate viscosity for the paint thickened only with carboxymethyl cellulose.
Studies on genetic relationship between Oxyeleotris marmoratus,Oxyeleotris lineolatus and their first filial generation
PEGylated compounds such as peptide or protein derivatives obtained through PEGylation reactions may also be used
The Early Phase Expression of MyT1 in the Cortex of Rats After Whole Brain Irradiation
Clinical Study on Regulatory Effect of Liandai Capsule on p21~(ras) and Mutant p53 Protein Expression in Gastrointestinal Neoplasm
XPS Study of Pd-Co/C Catalyst Through Catalytic Oxidation of Glucose
emergency transport facilities must be available for all pregnant and postpartum women and their babies with complications (at any site);
Clinicalapplication Anatomy of the Pineal Region and Microsurgery Therapy of the Pineal Region Tumors
the pure milk contain a CLA substance which can effectively destroy a free radical with cancerigenic danger in human body and rapidly combine with a cell membrane, that cell are in a state of defending the intrusion of a cancerigenic substance, so that the anti-cancer effect is also carried out, the pure milk also contains a certain amount of substance capable of tranquilizing and allaying excitement; the pure milk has abundant nutrition, and contains high-grade fat, various protein, vitamins and mineral matters, especially contains major vitamin B complex, the components of the pure milk are capable of nourishing and moisturizing skin, protecting epidermis, anticracking, preventing wrinkles, smoothing and softening skin, blackening hair and minimizing alopecia, and has the functions of skin care and beauty treatment; the pure milk has abundant calcium element which is very important for degrading fat in human body and promoting the growth of children brain
One of the most active fields of research in contemporary chemical graph theory is the study of topological indices, or graph invariants, that can be used for describing and predicting physicochemical and pharmacologic properties of organic compounds.
An isolated or recombinant nucleic acid molecule encoding the human monoclonal antibody or antigen-binding fragment of claim 3
synthesis method of multi-substituted chiral furanose and intermediate compound
the law prohibits any direct or indirect discrimination, invocation and stimulation of discrimination and helping in discriminatory treatment on the grounds of: sex, race, skin colour, gender, belonging to a marginalized group, ethnic origin, language, citizenship, social origin, religion or confession, other types of belief, education, political belonging, personal or social status, mental and physical disability, age, family or marital status, property status, health condition or on any other grounds established by law or by ratified international agreements.
In the rats of convulsive group after P administration, the FOS expression was decreased evidently (P<0.01, P<0.05), as compared with the convulsive group only induced by CL.
Conclusion: The effect of SVCⅢ on the expression of HMGB1 in THP1 cells have relation to the SVC-Ⅲ’s concentration.
The experimental results showed that the thermal conductivity of the blending composite with the content of 50PHR superfine graphite powder, is increased about 20 times.
Methods Clinical and laboratory data were analyzed in 21 patients with FHFP.Hepatic biopsies were undertaken in 13 cases.
wherein Het has the above significance, and pharmaceutically compatible, readily hydrolyzable esters and salts of these compounds.
By this procedure, subclone 3F1-C8-D7 (EM164) was selected, and the heavy and light chain genes were cloned and sequenced as described below.
The invention relates to a method for regulating the seedling tree stage transformation of peach trees, which continuously measures and analyzes the contents of ABA, GA, iP and ZT in the endogenous hormones of different node samples, so as to determine the starting and finishing critical points of seedling tree stage transformation.
Human dendritic cells skew isotype switching of CD40-aotivated na?ve B cells towards IgA l and IgA 2. J Exp Med 1997;185:1909-18.
Relationship between expression of vimentin, type Ⅳ collagen and fibronectin in human placenta and pregnancy induced hypertension
The ratio of RL-area to total photosynthesis and leaf trait parameters(i.e. ,soluble sugar concentration,starch concentration,SLA,leaf nitrogen concentration) also exhibited seasonal variations for the three species.
Objective To evaluate the efficacy of Tiotropium Bromide in the treatment of stable COPD.
Chromosome Number and Karyotype Analysis of Yacon
Objective:To observe the effect and mechanism of Sanhuang Sanxian Decoction(SHSX)on leucopenia in mice with Se-137 radiation injury.
It is envisaged that the flux of glucose into the metabolism of cancer cells can be influenced by the expression of trehalose-6-phosphate synthesizing enzymes.
it stimulate growth of that thyroid gland and thus thyroxine production.
Sulfonylureas treatment was associated with an increased risk of breast and lung cancer compared to metformin therapy
Solubilities of melamine in water, ethanediol, N, N-dimethyl formamide, N, N-dimethyl acetamide, 1,2-propanediol, polyethylene glycol-400, dimethyl sulfoxide, ethanol and propiolic alcohol were correlated by the Wilson equation and the A h equation. The average relative error between the value calculated by those models and the experimental value of those 9 systems were 5.35% and 4.14% respectively
The Protective Effect of SCE on Animal Pneumatorexis and Myocardial Ischemia
Correlation between Bacteria Associated with Customary Feed and Diseases Occurrence of Cultured Turbot Scophthalmus Maximus
Persistence of the nuclei of the keratinocytes into the stratum corneum of the skin.
Methods: The expression of MCP-1 in 41 cases of OSCC and 10 specimens of normal oral epithelial tissue was assessed with SABC immunohistochemical method
A Study on Space Mutation of Streplomyces Fradiae.
The effects of carbonization temperature and time on shrinkages of PAN-CHF and PAN-ACHF, activation yield, specific surface area and adsorption capacity were investigated.
In this study,chemical constituents of different vinegars were analyzed and compared using a NMR based chemical profiling approach,and the differential components in different vinegars were identified by multivariate statistical analysis.
Macrolide conjugates of pyrrolizine and indolizine compounds as inhibitors of 5-lipooxygenase and cyclooxygenase
Microwave Coagulation Therapy Combined with Radiotherapy to Treat Peripheral Lung Carcinoma
Vancocin biological synthesis gene cluster
Preferably the step (a) is carried out in the presence of an alkali in concentration of at least 0.5 molar, more preferably 1 molar or more and most preferably 1 to 4 molar.
The mechanism of ubiquitin-protein ligating enzyme regulate bone morphogenetic protein signal transduction
the nucleus molecular marking comprise ITS and 18S rRNA; true, false and or similar species are identify by sequencing amplified DAN marking sequence which are compared with known related sequences
The natural beverage liquid possesses health functions of protecting gastric mucosa and thus the capacity of restoring normal gastrointestinal function.
Methods Sixty cerebral ischemic stroke patients were checked by digital subtraction angiography(DSA).According to the degree of intracranial stenosis,patients were divided into stenosis group and no stenosis group.
Lactobacillus bulgaricus,Streptococcus thermophilus,Lactobacillus acidophilus and mixed bacteria of them ferment soy protein isolate,rheometer and Texture Analyzer were used for the fermataion of the soy isolate protein.The results showed:acid-producing capability of mixed bacteria and the effect on rheological behaviour of soy protein isolate was superior to single bacteria.
Method Since June 2007 to June 2011,84 cases of acute suppurative otitis media with chronic sinusitis patients were randomly divided into observation group and control group.
The score of depression in neurosis is lower than the others
EFFECTS OF FCPS ON BLOOD SERUM MDA SOD AND GSH-PX OF S_(180) -BEARING MICE
In this paper, we investigated and summarized the species of medical fungi with antitumor activities in north region of Guangdong province.
In both groups, patients continued to take the same total daily dose of mesalazine as they did before study entry.
1. Liquid second extraction and acid catalysts are recycled into hemicellulose hydrolysis (12)
The Src activity was much higher than PYK2 activity in sham-operated controls.
Objective To investigate the application of clinical path model in ICU nursing care.
systemic lupus erythematosus patient with acute abdomen: a report of 20 cases and literature review
In this paper, a new catalytic spectrophotometric method for the determination of trace iron has been studied based on the iron(Ⅲ) catalyze oxidation of dithizone with oxygen in the presence of Triton X-100 at pH 4. 5(HAc-NaAc) buffer.
Results(1)The detection rate of hypertension was 60. 69%(62. 04% for male,59.04% for female) in this pilgrims group,and the detection rate of prehypertension was 26. 07%(26. 45% for male,25.
The median survive time was 30 weeks.CONCLUSION:Stent implantation under DSA guidance is a safe and effective treatment for malignant esophagorespiratory fistula,and it can improve patients’ life quality and clinical symptoms.
Construction and Expression of a Thrombolytic targeted Molecule with Single Chain Antibody against Activated Human Platelet
Conclusion It demonstrated that there had lipid metabolism disorders and pancreatic cell apoptosis in the aged diabetic group,and DC can impove lipid metabolism of diabetic rats via inhibiting the pancreatic cell apoptosis.
The product was obtained in the form of a white powder and aggregates of particles in size of about 1μm
Effects of paclobutrazol(PP333) on root vigor and IAA oxidase and peroxidase activities in leaf of rice and wheat seedlings
30 Cases of Treating Diabetes with Hyperlipemia with Shouqi Jiangzhi Decoction
Rheumatoid arthritis(RA),a kind of chronic autoimmune disease,is characterized by symmetric polyarticular damages.The etiology of RA was unclear.In this paper,the research progress of Th17 cells in rheumatoid arthritis was mainly reviewed.
Studies on the Anatomy and Tissue Structure of D-type Chickens (145 days old)
?Immunosuppressants within 3 months and/or corticosteroids within 1 month prior to baseline,
【Objective】 To develop an artificial diet suitable for continuous rearing of the oriental fruit moth,studies were designed to determine the effect of different nutrient proportions in artificial diet on the development and reproduction under laboratory conditions.
the inventive viruses are not as likely to inhibit the activity of beneficial microorganisms as antimicrobial drugs ,
Objective To research the distributions and frequencies of +114(G/T) polymorphism of the interleukin - 2(IL - 2 ) gene among the population from Jilin province and to investigate the association with susceptibility to chronic hepatitis B(CHB).
Grouped filtering method was used to simplify the solution space,then the optimized model is solved by genetic algorithm.
Material & Method: Three-dimensional finite element models of reconstruction of the large defect of proximal femur and custom endoprostheses with different stem-lengths(160mm,140mm,120mm,100mm, 80mm)were created using CT-scan and computer aided design(CAD) methods.
The molecular weights of the proteins were estimated by comparison with the molecular weights of the following standard proteins: rabbit muscle phosphorylase b (97,400 Da); bovine serum albumin (66,200 Da); ovalbumin (45,000 Da); bovine carbonic anhydrous (31,000 Da); soybean trypsin inhibitor (21,500 Da); lysozyme (14,400 Da).
Emulsion polymerizing with the above described latex seed particles by continuously varying the concentration ratio of a first monomer feed composition and a second monomer feed composition in an emulsion polymerization reaction zone produces latex polymers with a highly uniform particle size and a polymeric layer having a gradient polymeric morphology.
8 patients also received knee adhesion release operation.
the grafts can be inspected daily beginning on the sixth post-operative day ,
if one assume that that typical type 1 diabetic has a weight within the range of 50 to 100 kg, and that the high and low range dose of subcutaneous prandial insulin injection is between 2 and 20 units, then the insulin/glucagon ratio can be calculated as shown in the Table below.
TNF-a has been recently detected in various cardiac-related illnesses including congestive heart failure , myocarditis , dilated and septic cardiomyopathy , and ischemic heart diseases .
The progress in studies on induced differentiation of embryonic stem cell
Thrombolytic effect of recombinant staphylokinase on canine thrombus of femoral artery
The unique 400 bp missing band with E13 primer in cultivar 'Chunyu'could be used as fingerprint for the protection of its intellectual property.
Evaluation of the Efficacy of Olopatadine Hydrochloride in the Treating Allergic Rhinitis:A Multicenter,Randomized,Double-blind,Double-dummy Study
In addition, the target cells with high purity can be collected into the collection tank d by repeating the steps of the characteristic determination S3, the return 55, and the separation and characteristic determination S2 until the ratio of the target cells to all of the cells passing through the microfluidic channel 2 becomes the desired value.
The feasibility of enhancing the tolerance of the liver to ischmia-r eperfusion injuries in rats by ethanol
Studies on genetic polymorphism using microsatellite markers OarAE101 and MCM38 in three goat breeds
The invention provides a process for improving the fire resistance of a thermoplastic or thermoset organic polymer composition, characterised in that an alkoxysilane containing at least one organic nitrogen-containing group and an alkoxysilane or silicone resin containing at least one group selected from phosphonate and phosphinate groups are added to a thermoplastic or thermosetting organic polymer composition and heated in the presence of moisture to cause hydrolysis and siloxane condensation of the alkoxysilane or alkoxysilanes.
Determination of(+)-threo-methylphenidate hydrochloride in the dog plasma by UPLC-MS/MS
The conjugation of a tracer and/or capture antibody to its conjugation partner can be performed by different methods, such as passive adsorption, chemical binding, or binding via a specific binding pair.
Most solid tumors require a complex microvasculature network for their growth.
The microstructure,phase composition and microhardness have been analyzed by the scanning electron microscopy(SEM),X-ray diffractometry(XRD),energy dispersive X-ray spectroscopy(EDS) and microhardness meaurement,respectively.
However, due to the appearance of antibiotic resistant bacteria and remaining antibiotics in the livestock, the use of antibiotics has been limited and organic methods of raising livestock have been recommended (Korean Patent Publication No. 1998-78358)(McEwen and Fedorka-Cray, Antimicrobial use and resistance in animals, Clinical infectious Diseases, Volume 34, June 2002, pages S93-S106).
Finally, based on the tolerance and the LDA method, a statistical model is established to predict the fermentation behaviors of the strains, which lays down a novel evaluation method for the breeding and selection of S. cerevisiae
Study on the Relationship between Main Appearance Charactersof Leaf and Chemical Compositions in Aromatic Tobacco
The cell organs were increased in density, and myofibrilla were pyknosis or necrosis, the mitochondrial cristae were decreased. The lysosome and cardionatrin granule were enhanced.
By pharmacological properties ethanol (in case of systematic use) is considered to be narcotic material.
such oligonucleotidecoated solid matrix may be prepare in two ways: by directly synthesize oligonucleotides on that solid matrix surface, or by fixing presynthesized oligonucleotides on the solid matrix surface
Methods 88 patients with kidney stones from may 2011 to March 2012 were divided into2 groups:studygroup and control group.The 44 patients in studygroup were given holmium laser lithotripsy,44 patients in contral group got pneumatic ballistic lithotripsy.
The ANOVA model included factors sequence , subject ( sequence ) , treatment and period .
R2 is phenyl or substituted phenyl;
Dynamic Changes of Lower Limb Short-latency Somatosensory Evoked Potential after Transient Ischemic Attack
Secreted Expression of Bacillus pumilus Xylanase Gene in Pichia pastoris and Study on Enzymatic Properties
Results:The mean concentration of VEGF in induced sputum was significantly higher in patients with acute COPD(3 945.06±1 207.09) pg/ml than in normal controls(2 140.63±1 091.71) pg/ml, P< 0.001 but significantly lower in patients with stable COPD(455.64±260.18) pg/ml
the Dynamic Changes of T Cell Subpopulation in Chickens Infected with Attenuated MDV
7% at 21 days after anthesis,respectively.There were significant negative correlations between the boll volume,boll weight and Bt endotoxin contents in the boll wall and seed under source-sink regulation,respectively,so was between seed weight and Bt endotoxin contents in the seed.
Methods: Twenty healthy male Sprague Dawley( SD) rats aged 8 weeks were randomly divided into groups A( 4-week healthy control),B( 4-week diabetes mellitus model),C( 6-week healthy control) and D( 6-week diabetes mellitus model).
The systems, dressings, and methods involve a sealed wound dressing assembly that helps form a fluid seal around the linear wound while simultaneously encompassing a subcutaneous delivery conduit to deliver fluid to or from a subcutaneous tissue site.
The best macroporous adsorption resin was chosen to separate flavonoid compounds from Scutellaria barata and analyze it with HPLC.
Tourette Syndrome
Effects of cerebral vasospasm following subarachnoid hemorrhage to cerebrovascular pathological changes
The risk of liver injury caused by atypical antipsychotics was lower than typical antipsychotics.There was direct correlation between drug dose and liver injury.Drug combination could cause liver injury more easily.
The purpose of the study in to investigate the thermographic diagnosis of megrins
Submerged fermentation is the development trend of edible fungi. The extension of liquid spawn will propel the development of edible fungi industry.
The pattern that is you is written first of all in the psyche, and is then faithfully decoded in your genes and chromosomes.
Conclusion In vitro, propofol with EDTA is effective in suppressing bacterial growth of common bacteria causing nosocomial infection in China, suggesting the formulation with propofol has the potential to be more effective in reducing anaesthesia related infections than other generic forms of propofol without EDTA.
Study Progress of Remedial Monoclonal Antibody
The isolated strains were highly resistant to antibiotics, the incidence of mono-drug and multi-drug resistance were 50.9% and 27.8%, respectively. The incidence of multi-drug resistance increased after antibiotics treatment (73.8% vs. 27.8%, P<0.01).
Post-operative Complications of Single-stage Resection and Anastomosis Surgical Treatment of Acute Colon Obstruction Caused by Colorectal Cancer and Factors Impacting Them
SYNTHESIS OF ISOFLAVONE DERIVATIVES Ⅱ. 7-Chloro and 6-chloro-7-methoxy-3′-N, N-diethylaminomethyl-4′-hydroxy isoflavones
the product has effect in removing toxic material, nourishing liver, preventing live fibrosis, relieving liver inflammation, enhancing immunity, inducing interferon formation, scavenging free radicals, and inhibiting and killing hepatitis virus
such as preservative, tonicity-adjusting agents, antioxidant, or other polymers
In addition, the 24h immobilisations assay on Daphnia magna of different drugs at different concentrations was studied
An Oral Malodor Clinical Study on Adults in Brazil
Pre-seasonal treatment with topical olopatadine suppresses the clinical symptoms of seasonal allergic conjunctivitis
Objective By fiberoptic bronchoscopy of bronchoalveolar lavage in critically ill patients and their therapeutic value in the application.
study of human cytomegalovirus infection status in bur patients
Abstract Morphine in human urine was measured by thin layer chromatography(TLC),Surestep TM method and low thresholed detection(LTD) in 30 heroin-dependent patients before detoxification and 1-15 days after detoxification,and compared to levels in healthy controls.
Theories regarding the causes of scoliosis include connective tissue disorders, hormonal imbalance and abnormality in the nervous system.
Clinical significance of human papillomavirus DNA detection in urine specimens in men with condyloma acuminatum
Comparisons of the treatment groups with respect to baseline-adjusted gingival, plaque and bleeding index scores at the follow-up examinations were performed using analyses of covariance (ANCOVA’s).
study on pst/pba latex ipn
Streptococcus mutans(S mutans) are important organisms in the initiation and progression of dental caries.
the non-natural amino acid, by themselves or as a part of a polypeptide, can include a wide range of possible functionalities, but typical have at least one heterocycle, aldol-based, dicarbonyl, and/or diamine group
Single-cell activities were recorded in the area F2 of dorsal premotor cortex (PMd) and area F4 of ventral premotor cortex (PMv) while a monkey was performing a memorized spatial motor task of sequence (MSS).
Extended-spectrumβ-lactamase detection and analysis of drug resistance of Escherichia coli
Liquid-Phase Polycondensation of Acetone Catalyzed by Nanotube Titanic Acid
The recent developments in research on transdermal drug delivery systems(TDDSs) of sexual hormones were introduced,including the applications of chemical enhancing permeation techniques and new drug formulation techniques,so as to provide a reference for the further development of TDDSs of sexual hormones.
The result of rice young embryo capture and the young embryo of hybrid Fo between Subspecies.
so the polypeptide can not induce the epiphyte producing the traditional drug resistance;
STUDY ON KINETIC ANALYSIS Ⅴ.CATALYTIC COLORIMETRIC DETERMINATION OF TRACE VANADIUM
By utilizing the protease gene disclosed by the invention and expressed by genes, the insect body wall can be degraded, and a new idea is provided and a new manner is created for the research on a novel, high-efficiency and safe pesticide.
Quality discuss and clinic application of in-line leukocyte-depleted whole blood
A novel chemiluminescence system coupled with reverse flow injection technique has been developed for the determination of nifedipine.It was found that the chemiluminescence reaction of luminol with hydrogen peroxide in sodium hydroxide media could be strongly enhanced by nifedipine in the presence of cetyl pyridinium chloride.
Objective:To study the top of basilar syndrome(TOBS) etiological factor high risk factor and clinical manifestation.
The synthesis, characterization and activity test of potential herbicide safeners of 5-dichloroacetyl-3,6-dimethyl-3-ethyl-9-oxo-1,5-diazabicyclo[4.3.0] nonane was described in this paper. Some materials were synthesized at first.
ANALYSIS OF DNA SYNTHESIS AND DNA CONTENT IN THE PROLIFERATIVE LYMPHOCYTE
If the tumor DNA to be sequenced is too heterogeneous, some important mutations may be missed.
They were devided into two groups according to their serum HBV DNA levels at week 24:PCR-undetectable group A(<300 copies/ml)and group B,≥(300 copies/ml).
with regard to tuberculosis, social organizations and representatives of indigenous peoples have been used to strengthen patient follow-up activities so that patients will finish treatment.
The invention relates to the use of compounds of formula (I) and of their salts and stereoisomers in the production of medicaments for treating cardiovascular diseases.
Effects of Interferon-γ on Her-2/neu Expression and Antitumor Activity of (131)~I-Herceptin in Breast Cancer Cell Lines
Conclusion Morphological and functional changes of detrusor of bladder occurred in early stage of DM rats.There was negative correlation between expression of α1-AR and DM disease,indicating DM may decrease expression of α1-AR in bladder,of which the decreased expression may be one of factors to cause increased bladder compliance and residual urine in DM disease.
the CVP index and that rate signal are monitor and, responsive to the rate signal indicating a sustained tachycardia episode dure the episode monitoring period, anti-tachycardia therapy selectively withheld and the episode monitoring period is extended base on the CVP index.
With aging, the number of TEBs and their DNA-LI decreased and the number of TDs and ABs increased, although with a low DNA-LI, which correlated with a lower incidence of carcinomas and higher incidence of benign lesions
Study on Measurement of RBC Five Elements Contents in Patients with Affective Mental Disorders and its Significance
Furthermore, antibody-based therapies for patients who have BCMA positive malignant B-cells are provided.
The cooperation of this two factors can regulate the colon function precisely.
Methods A total of 65 plasma samples were used in this study.Of the 65 samples,35 undiluted plasma samples and 35 two times diluted plasma sample were used to determine PT and APTT and establish the linear regression equation.
it is particularly desire to provide methods, and kit for assaying nucleic acid sequences of genomic samples.
Establishment DNA Fingerprinting and Evaluation Genetic Diversity of Transgenic Insect-resistant Cotton
6. Among the positive rate of the indexes above-mentioned, the highest one was VEGF (54.2%), the second was AFP(30.8%), all the other 6 tumor markers were below 20%.
A Epidemiologic Investigation of Cancers Among Medical Diagnostic X-ray Workers in Jiangsu Province
(b) from about 1 part to about 30 parts of lipid skin moisturizing agent;
in that extend release formulation the molar ratio of the acid to dipyridamole is about 1
Nursing of Bone Grafting Internal Fixation Pre-cervicales
ArcGIS Online analytic tool to find statistically significant clusters of high and low values
Relationship between insulin and blood pressure in type 2 diabetes mellitus
The Survey on the Relation between Manifestation of TCM and Feature of Juvenile Rheumatoid Arthritis
As mentioned above, polymorphisms cannot be accurately determined if sequences in individual allele units cannot be specified.
The monitor is not indicated to patients with severe arrhythmia or extremely weak pulse
Bladder function training instrument on recovery of bladder function in patients undergoing radical resection of rectal carcinoma
Study on Micellar Electrokinetic Chromatography for the Determination of Pesticide and Hormones Using Lauric Acid Micellar;
Inhibition of VEGF expression in rabbits with corneal alkali burn by amniotic membrane transplantation
some microaerophile proliferate under condition of increased carbon dioxide of about 10% mol or more ( or above about 375 ppm ).
Initiating mode and clinical intervention of malignant ventricular tachycardia
Protective effect of Luotai Injection on ISO-induced experimental myocardial ischemia of gerbil model and its comparison with of rat model
They often reflect broad activity of anti-pathogeny microbes at a concentration of 10~(-6) mol·L~(-1). It is one of the basic components of plant defense system,can be used as a novel of germicides,and will play much more important role in gene engineering of disease-resistance.
examples of rust inhibitors are polyoxyalkylene polyol, benzotriazole derivatives, and the like.
Conclusion: There was certain value of detecting cystatin C in ACS patient’s serum in clinical diagnosis,response evaluation,prognosis assessment
the C7-160 aromatic group having a hydrocarbon group on that aromatic ring may include, for example, phenyl and naphthyl having one or more C1-10 straight-chain or branched alkyls or cyclic alkyl on their aromatic rings
Objective Evaluation on the effect of single tooth anesthesia(STA) computer-controlled local anesthetic delivery in tooth extraction to the patients with dental anxiety and cardiovascular disease.
Therefore, the explant may be removed from the secreted inhibitors by simply placing the cultured explant on a fresh surface of the culture plate.
AIM: To observe the therapeutic effects of dumbbell gymnastics and bare-handed exercise in ameliorating the symptoms of shoulder periarthritis
Rats were randomly divided into sham operated control group(SOC),ischemia reperfusion group(IR) and TMP treated group(TMP).
The invention discloses waterproof warm-up oil, which is prepared by mixing 10 to 20 weight parts of lecithin, 10 to 15 weight parts of phenoxy ethanol, 1 to 2 weight parts of sodium dodecyl benzene sulfonate, 0.8 to 1 weight part of non-ionic surfactant, 10 to 15 weight parts of glycerin, 0.5 to 1.5 weight parts of lauryl alcohol sodium sulfonate and 30 to 40 weight parts of cationic water.
The interaction of alien genes with the genetic background of wheat genome is discussed in relation to wheat breeding program.
Clinical Research on Relationship between Indicators of Nutrition and Blood-gas and Differentiation-type of TCM Syndrome of Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease with Acute Exacerbation
substance influencing that sensory quality of the tobacco slice in the obtain ultra-filtrate basically do not exist.
98 healthy males aged over 60 were recruited for determination of bone mineral content, serum superoxide dismutase (SOD),lipid peroxide (LPO), MDA and glutathione peroxidase (GSH) in order to find the possible relationship between senescence and these markers.
5, Sox2 was still distributed throughout presumptive retina and lens vesicle.But Pax2 was more restricted to the proximal portions of the optic cup and stalk, while Prox1 was in the posterior portion of the lens vesicle.
At present the research methods of KSD is mainly depending on the traditional epidemiology and geography, This paper uses the method of GIS to analyze the incidence and distribution of KSD and their relationships with the content of selenium in food and human hair, local landforms, climate, hydrography and soil from the point of geography
Establishment and Clinical Application of Deep Frozen Bone Library
Conclusion s WWOX,P73 and Bax are correlated with the occurrence and development of colorectal carcinoma.The synergism of WWOX and Bax plays a key role in the prognosis of colorectal carcinoma.
Clinical and pathological analysis of extraosseous Ewing's sarcoma
The effects of strontium content (SrO/Al 2O 3 molar ratio varied from 0 005 to 0 15), calcination temperature (600~1? 150 ℃) and calcination atmosphere on the high temperature thermal stability of Sr modified γ Al 2O 3 prepared by impregnation have been systematically investigated by measuring BET specific surface area and powder X ray diffraction.
Advances in ocular manifestations of graft-vs-host disease
splenectomy and Portoazygal interruption in that treatment of massive bleede of esophageal and Fundal varices
Results\ 1. No significant differences were found in T lymphocyte subpopulations and the ratios of CD4/CD8 between groups (P>0 05).
Behavior, webbing characteristics and survival rates were observed over 19 days.
When the ankle joint moved passively the tibial nerve can gliding 5~ 12.5 mm (averaged 8.2 mm) in the tarsal tunnel.
Either of two mites,(Dermatophagoides pteronyssinus) or (D. farinae,) that feed on shed skin cells and produce excrement that is a common household allergen associated especially with asthma and respiratory allergies
Diagnosis and Treatmet of Long Thoracic Nerve Compression Syndrome
Determination of AsⅢ in drinking water by chemiluminescence with flow injection
such composition may comprise buffers ( e. g., neutral buffer saline or phosphate buffered saline), carbohydrates ( e. g., glucose, mannose, sucrose or dextrans), mannitol, protein, polypeptides or amino acids such as glycine, antioxidants, chelating agents such as EDTA or glutathione, adjuvants ( e. g., aluminum hydroxide) and/or preservatives
AIM To observe the clinical effect of montelukast sodium on bronchiolitis and prevent recurrent wheezing in infants after brochiolitis.
phospho-pyruvic acid
induction and protective effect of metallothionein under radiation exposure
Grams nature-Gram-negative rods, Motility-Motile Oxidase test: Positive.
[Method] The antibacterial substances were separated and purified by Ethyl acetate extraction, macroporous adsorptive resin, silica gel chromatography and preparative high performance liquid chromatography (HPLC), and powdery mildew were taken as the indicating bacterial to study their activities.
So, to do research on influence of exercise on c-fos、 c-jun、 BDNF is the key issue to get to know the molecular mechanism of improving on learning and memory by exercise.
Most Chinese DCM patients may not be related with mutation of PLB gene.
Study on synthesis of esters of 4-n-alkylcyclohexyl benzoic acid liquid crystal
The collagen fibres within the uncompressed collagen gel were loose and of varied diameter (FIG. 17A) while the fibres within the compressed gel were denser, less varied in diameter and more ordered (FIG. 17B).
including (for example) more than 70% of rice gene patents, more than 90% of corn gene patents, more than 80% of wheat gene patents and more than 75% of cotton gene patents around the world.
The Study of the Sensitive MR Sequences in Articular Cartilage and Its Clinical Application
For example, the balance group is a polymer or a biopolymer.
Nano-machining of highly orientated pyrolitic graphite(HOPG) and Ag-TCNQ-an organic electrical bistable material-was performed with a scanning tunneling microscope(STM)in our study of lithography.
Results PET/CT showed a high 18F-FDG accumulation in systemic BAT and a symmetrical higher 18F-FDG uptake occured in the cervical,superclavical,infra-axillary,and thoracic paravertebral BAT mainly.
Features of serum beta-lipoprotein electrophoretogram in patients with coronary heart disease
A case of a twenty-three year old mare, with a pregnancy at 21 years of age, which, after the period of lactation had finished, was treated with two doses of cells intravenously.
Interaction of four enhancers with the lipids of the mouse SC by ATR-FTIR
study on that performance of cu~ ( 2+ ) adsorption with organic modify rectorite
Various internal fixators prepared by the method provided by the invention have good mechanical strength and good biocompatibility, and are degradable and absorbable in vivo.
Spiral CT images in SARS patients after discharge from hospital and convalescence
Coxsackie and Adenovirus Receptor-Like Membrane Protein
patient, male, 63 years old, 24 years after rectal cancer surgery and 12 years after transversely colonic cancer surgery, complained for 6-month tarry stool
Next, at 232 a chromosome is created by randomly closing or swapping one or more NO tie switches
Close to 3,500 children are receiving treatment in paediatric formulations.
Study of Herb Residues on Growth Performance,Biochemical Marker of Serum and Immune Action in Heat Stress Rabbit
Levels of pH value, PCO_2, PO_2/FiO_2, and Qs/Qt were measured at 30 min after pneumoperitoneum (T1), 60 min after pneumoperitoneum (T2), 30 min after extubation (T3), and 60 min after extubation (T4), respectively.
Thymopentin 5 cervical local injection for the treatment of cervical high-risk HPV infection:a clinical observation
the free radical generator is typically present in an amount between about 0.01 and 1 % by weight based on total monomer weight.
Effects of fusion protein FADDdel-GFP on islet cell apoptosis mediated by death receptor
indirect ELISA t indicated that NBXC was turnip mosaic virus isolate.
(3) There were no significance correlation in E A A/E,l/2 DecT to Q-Td,Q-Tcd,J-Td, J-Tcd in normal subject group, respectively ( P>0. 05 ).
Perospirone Hydrochloride Tablets appear low extrapyramidal adverse reaction,what is a schizophrenia long-term treatment new choice.Conclusions Perospirone groups appear low adverse reaction,it is concerned with it has serotonin(5-HT) and dopamine D2 receptor antagonist role.Perospirone Hydrochloride Tablets have high affinity binding to 5-HT and dopamine D2 receptor.Through the antagonism 5-HT and D2 receptors produces antipsychotic role,to the behavior caused by the dopamine and serotonin system is very effective,causeing low extrapyramidal adverse reaction,for prolactin influence also lighter.
Tested people orally and fastingly took 5 mg of vitamin B 1, B 2 and 500 mg of vitamin C in early morning, and then their urine was separately collected during 4 hours after taking the vitamins.
Rates of precise diagnosis by combined use of fine-needle aspiration and core biopsy were 90.7% (126/139), respectively, whereas those rates were 61.2% (80430) by fine-needle aspiration alone and 84.8% (117/138) by core biopsy alone, pneumothorax occurred in 11 and emptysis was in 6
EUS also elevated lesion found mostly differentiated adenocarcinoma 100%,lymph node metastasis rate was 7. 1%;Depressed lesions were mostly undifferentiated adenocarcinoma(86. 9%),and lymph node metastasis rate was 30%.
Solid Phase Synthesis at Room Temperature and Characterization of Mixed Coordination Compounds M(α-AP)_2(OAc)_2 (M=Ni, Zn
EXERCISE AND GLLTTAMINE
similarly that gene encode ECM10 has been identified as bee over-expressed; MDJ1 and MDJ2 are functional equivalents of ECM10 and so it is anticipated that the over-expression of either of the genes encode MDJ1 or MDJ2 would cause the same phenotype as the over-expression of the gene encoding ECM10.
Results(1) There was no variation of TLR4 and Asp299Gly found between the two groups.
Objective To observe the relationship between cerebral border zone infarction and cerebral artery stenosis or occlusion
isolation and culture of rat hair follicle bulge cell and its growth character in vitro
Results The level of serum IL-2 of patients with peptic ulcer was significantly lower than that of healthy control group before treatment(P<0.01),while the levels of serum IL-6 and TGF-β1 were obviously higher(P0.05).
The results of special PCR primer(D-1/D-2 and ND-1/ND-2) assay showed that the defoliating and nondefoliating strains accounted for 83. 8% and 16. 2% of the total,respectively.The defoliating pathotype of V. dahliae was dominant in Jiangsu cotton region,and distributed in every main cotton production cities of Jiangsu Province at present.
[Methods]We screened the haploid cell of Saccharomyces cerevisiae and the diploid of Candida tropicalis as the reference cell to identify the ploidy of Candida glycerinogenes.The concentrations of chromosome DNA extracted from both haploid and diploid cells were determined by the diphenylamine reaction method.Meanwhile,the cell number of Candida tropicalis,Candida glycerinogenes,Saccharomyces cerevisiae and its haploid were accounted by hemocytometer measurement method,respectively.
Study on the UV cure matt coatings
The result suggests the chain elongating activity of the MAELO gene for very long-chain saturated fatty acids.
Higher levels of fecal SIgA in infants fed infant formula with added NDO when compared with unsupplemented formula.
the porou resin beads accord to that present invention can be used as a support for various chemical synthesis reactions, and can be used particularly effectively in nucleic acid synthesis
Experimental studies on the mechanism of renal transplantation tolerance induced by parabiosis
CONCLUSION:The plasmids of RNA interference entry clone and expressing clone are successfully constructed,laiding a foundation to reverse the cancer multidrug resistence by blocking MDR1gene expressing.
ZINC INTAKE BY RAT FED HIGH COPPER OR PHYTIC ACID DIET
To explore the mechanism of the absorption of flavonoids from Abelmoschus manihot flowers,in situ intestinal recirculation was performed to study the effect of the absorption at different concentrations and different intestinal regions.
The same document also claims methods for in vitro and in vivo determination of the pH, temperature and metabolite concentration by administering a contrast agent having two sets of magnetically non-equivalent mobile protons.
Reproduction of a new canine model of benign esophageal stenosis and pathological observation
There was no visible tumefaction of extrimities after repair of injured the veins when examined at the time of follow-up.
Plasmid DNA was purified from each colony culture with Wizard Plus SV minipreps DNA purification system (Promega).
passing the emission stream through an adsorption region of a reactor containing a solid adsorption material and contacting the NOx with the adsorption material such that the adsorption material adsorbs at least some of the NOx;
The recombinant vector vaccine was also well-tolerated, but higher doses led to some adverse events such as pain and fever
The results showed that black pigment of frog tadpole can effectively cleaned up the free radical in rat liver tissue, and inhibited lipid peroxidation.
Synthesis and Study on Photorefractive Material
Study on the Growth Features and the Fermenting Properties of Rhizopus oryzae F6
the subject invention relate to monoclonal antibodies ( e. g., 8F5 and 8C5) that may be use, for example, in that prevention, treatment and diagnosis of Alzheimer's disease or other neurodegenerative disorders
Results: The reference standard revealed six true fractures of the scaphoid (prevalence, 18%).
Enzyme for degrading acephate pesticides, coding gene, expression vector, industrial bacterial strain and application thereof
Among them, qLI-1,qLI-8, and qLI-12, whose additive effect come from Kasalath, represented the adding lodging index.
To a neutralized chitosan film prepared in accordance with Example 1 there are added 20 mL of a solution containing 125 mg nitrite degraded heparin, prepared as in Example 3, dissolved in 0.5 L water and containing 4.4 g NaCl
4. The frequency of E-CD gene expression in gastric carcinomas which have not metastasized to lymph node was 95.00%( 19/20), which was higher than that47.61%(10/21) in lymph node positive gastric carcinomas.
APPLICATION OF LAPAROSCOPY IN THE RETROPERITONEUM
where r or r ' are independently hydrogen, methyl, ethyl, propyl or butyl.
5-meth carbony-4-phenyl-6-methyl-3,4-dihydropyrimidine-2-one was synthesized from benzophenone,ethyl acetoactate and urea in presence of the 732 resin oaded with SnCl4 strong acidic ion-exchange resin.
In the 127 pregnant women with inflammatory lesion,there were 9 cases followed until delivery.The 9 cases(9. 89%) who were attacked with inflammatory lesion had the abnormal pregnant outcome,including 3 cases(3. 30%) of premature rupture of membranes,2 cases(2. 19%) of premature birth and 4 cases(4. 39%) of puerperal infection.
Present study revealed that using methanol as the extractant agent with the extraction time of 25 min and ultrasonic frequency of 45 kHz in 25℃ the best extraction efficiency could be achieved.
the present invention relate to a composition for improvement of exercise performance, fatigue recovery or prevention of oxidation response comprising Panax specie plant leaves extract or processed product of that leaves extract, or mixture of the both as an active ingredient
Strong and weak comparison on positive progression judgment convergence algorithm
Analysis on clinical characteristics of 30 patients with acquired immunodeficiency syndrome(AIDS)-related lymphoma
An analysis of 59 cirrhosis and liver lung syndrome
(ii) “toxin” (¶¾ËØ) means any toxin, whatever its origin or method of production.
Arrest Effect of Diallyl Disulfide on Cell Cycle in Human Colon Cancer Cell
is especially suitable for people with three high of hyperlipoidemia, hypertension and hyperglycemia,
Expression of apoptosis-related proteins in Hashimoto′s thyroiditis and its pathological significance
Protective effect of 5-fluorouracil in rats with septic shock
hypoxia result from slow peripheral circulation ( such as follows congestive cardiac failure ).
In vitro alphavbeta6 inhibition reduced activated cholangiocyte proliferation,their adhesion to fibronectin,and endogenous activation of TGF-beta1 by 50%but did not affect bile duct apoptosis.
Results 12 months after the treatment,the sputum negative conversion rates in the treatment group was higher than that in the control group(P<0.05).
block anesthesia at internal ramus prominence
include apyrase enzyme or more suitably a deaminase enzyme to carry out that pre-treatment step outline above.
dissolving isovitamin A acid, lipid material and phospholipid in methanol, ethanol or chloroform in heliophobic condition,
the present invention provide moieties that bind to that most membrane- proximal Ig-like domain of the ectodomain ( D7) of vascular endothelial growth factor ( VEGF) receptor
the oxidizer is particularly effective at assisting the solution in removing tantalum oxide films that can form at acidic ph levels and in particular, those films that can form at ph levels of 5 and below.
gamma-Synuclein \ A homolog of ALPHA-SYNUCLEIN that plays a role in neurofilament network integrity.
For the MC and the assessment by cardiologists, the likelihood to detect an MI increased with increasing infarct size, infarct transmurality, and number of infarcted segments (Table 2).
The organic solvents,such as tween-20 and isopropyl alcohol,the denaturant SDS,and the metal ions,such as Sn2+,Ca2+,Ni+,had higher effect in inhibiting the protease,but Mg2+ and Zn2+ had the promotion effect.
Surface morphology of A12O3, A12O3-SiO2 and A12O3-SiO2-TiO2 ceramic membranes was investigated by atom force microscope (AFM).
and compared with the expression of HBsAg and HBcAg in liver tissues of the patients with hepatitis B (HB),RESULTS The detection rates for HBsAg, HBcAg and HBV DNA in liver specimens of HD were 81%, 71% and 27%, and were lower than that of hepatitis B(94%, 92% and 44%) (P<0.05 or 0.01).
Construction,Expression and Purification of Plasminogen Activator Inhibitor Type-2
Objective: To observe effects of conditioned place preference(CPP) of morphine dependent rats,variation of Glumatic Acid(Glu) and NMDA receptor 2B subunit(NR2B) of the striatum in rats suffered from corydalis yanhusuo and l-tetrahydropalmatine(l-THP).
The competitor can also be a natural or artificial ligand of the antigen which binds to the same epitope as the reference antibody.
Results The incidence of chronic hydrocephalus was 12.7% in 221 patients with aSAH
substitute 4-4- ( 4-carboxyl phenoxyl) phenyl) -2- ( 4- carboxyl phenyl) naphthyridine-1-ketone derivative and dihydroxy aromatic diamine or hydrochloride thereof is used as a polycondensation monome
In a further aspect the tyrosine kinase domain mutation is T790M.
Function of insulin receptor and insulin-like growth factor receptor I in Alzheimer′s disease
Clinical evaluation of the arched blade for cataract surgery
accompanied by a general T-cell immunosuppression .
interaction of ovarian carcinoma cells and HPMC invol in motility and invasion of ovarian carcinoma to peritoneum
Treatment of acute obstructive pyelonephritis with puncture and canalization
We believe that famotidine is an effective and safe drug for the treatment of peptic ulcer especially for DU.
in vitro induction of immue response by dendritic cell pulsed with TRAG-3-derived cytotoxic T lymphocyte epitope
Objective:To investigate the effects of lupeol and its modified compounds on proliferation of hepatocellular carcinoma cells HepG2 and SMMC7721.
Methods The analysis was carried out on C18 column, used with gradient elution of methanol-0.05% phosphoric acid.
Objective To investigate the overall prevalence of functional esophageal disorders and prevalence of each disorder.
Methods: Immunohistochemistry was employed to determine the expression of MCP 1 and CD68 cells in 5 normal and 31 nephrotic kidneys.
the organometallic compounds are useful in semiconductor applications as chemical vapor or atomic layer deposition precursors for film depositions.
Anterior border height of compressed vertebral bodies was restored from preoperative 42. 6%to preoperative 97. 2%.Posterior angulation was corrected from preoperative 32. 6. to opostoperative 3. 5。According to Frankel ranking for paralysis recovery,all the cases had improved about 1 to 3 grade.The height of vertebral bodies was not lost and the angulation of spinal column was not aggravated either.
A Study on Foreign Language Anxiety among Medical Students
In case where the extractable polymer content exceeds 35 mass %, its gel strength may be low and its liquid permeability may be low
in clinical research we found mixture of Pe Chuan can relieve that patient's symptom obviously, the control ratio is 70.0%, and total effect ratio is 96.7%.
The concentration of serum sFas was positively correlated with the titers of antithyrotropin (TSH) receptor antibody, but not with other parameters (free riiodothyronine[FT3], free thyroxine[FT4],TSH, antithyroglobulin antibody titers and antiperoxidase antibody titers).
Results: Reduced latency on MWM was observed in PCC rats (p<0. 05. vs control) up to 3 days post injury and in CCC rats (p<0.05.vs control) up to 6 days and 10th-11thday post injury.
in another embodiment, that composition of the invention may include a ferric ion source compound as the oxidizing agent, an organic or inorganic acid, a halide ion source, and the novel poly ( ethyleneamino propionitrile) polymer
The optimal enzymolysis conditions were determined to be:reaction temperature of 45℃,reaction time of 24 h,stirring speed of 150 r/min,and material/liquid ratio of 1:6.
Conclusion:IDO expression can promote the formation of vessel-like structures in vitro.These findings suggest that IDO may promote angiogenesis in braest cancer.
The invention includes newly identified secretion signals, derived from a Pseudomonas fluorescens organism, and includes peptides, vectors and expression systems incorporating these sequences, which can promote targeting of an expressed protein or peptide of interest to the periplasm of Gram-negative bacteria or into the extracellular environment.
The main results are as follows: These crop seeds have significantly different responses to petroleum pollution. Compared with those plants in clean soil, the germination of most crop seeds planted in contaminated soils is obviously inhabited. Soybean, horse bean and maize are the crop affected most adversely
The Possible Involvement of Ulinastatin(UTI) in the Development of Acute Lung Injury(ALI);
In a randomized controlled trial comparing steroids alone or combined with azathioprine in 253 IgAN patients, we used a separate randomization list for patients with creatinine <2.0 mg/dL.
1. Method for the treatment of biological tissue of animal or human origin, such as porcine, bovine pericardium or human cadaver heart valves, to increase the biocompatibility, characterised by a physical plasma treatment of the tissue.
Keywords bronchial asthma eosinophile cationic protein gluco cortica l hormone pulmonary function;
Primary antibody, mouse anti-ORF3 polyclonal antibodies, or porcine anti-PCV2 antibody, was diluted in PBS-T with 1% BSA and incubated with the cells for 1 h at 37.degree.C.
in that study , T cell accumulation at the site of the lesion in injured nerves was non-selective , in contrast to uninjured nerves , where only T cells specific to CNS self antigens were found to accumulate .
Keywords selenomorpholine;microcalorimetry;anti bacteria activity;
Typical examples of aldopentoses are D-ribose, D-xylose and L-arabinose.
The pET30a(a+)/Attacin and pGEX-4T-1/Attacin recombinant plasmids were confirmed by PCR, restriction endonuclease digestion and DNA sequencing, respectively. Transformation assay of E. coli with the recombinant plasmids revealed that, after IPTG induction and compared to non-induced control, the growth of host cells containing pET30a(+)/Attacin was significantly suppressed, with no His-Attacin band on SDA-PAGE as expected
The present invention provides a polymer electrolyte membrane having a porous polymer film and a proton conducting component present in a hole of the porous polymer film, characterized in that the proton conducting component has a compound having a proton conducting group and a bicyclo ring structure
yield corrected by hplc of the title compound from the outcome solution: 86 %.
Skin Reactions Induced by Topical Retinoic Acid in Mice
Method: Analysing paracetamol and its metabolites in mice urine by HPLC and studying the mechanism of anti damage induced by paracetamol using experiment module of pentobarbital induced sleeping time.
Determination of ebastine in ebastine tablet by ionic liquid sensitized spectrophotometry*
structural characterization of d4T nucleoside analogue through quantum chemical indexes and anti-HIV activity prediction by QSAR
OBJECTIVE To investigate the role of N-nitro - L-arginine (NO 2Arg) in the development of psychical dependence induced by morphine and dihydroetorphine.
include calcium phosphate or calcium chloride co-percipitation, DEAE-dextran-mediated transfection, transduction, infection, lipofection, cationic lipidmediated transfection or electroporation.
include a first or skin lay containing a thermoplastic polymer.
In addition, in another recombinant mutant strains, there were some cases where the growth rates of them have become so low that overall succinic acid productivity was not increased.
jp 2005255679 describes a polypeptide obtained by treating butter milk with a protease having not only adhesion inhibitory effect of helicobacter pylori to gastric mucosa but also the effect of debonding helicobacter pylori off the gastric mucosa of helicobacter pylori carriers.
Only those patients who have not received any application of the study medication were replaced.
Comparative Analysis and Study about the Distribution Pattern of the Fresh Agricultural Products
Baoyu Nutrition Liquid obviously improves the immunity and irritability, inhibites the lipo-super oxidation, decreases the proline of skin in aged mice, increases the activity of blood SOD, and lengthens the swimming- and pole -climbing time in mice.
In the paper,winter wheat varieties Xinong 979 and Fenkang 88 were chosen as objects of study,and the changes of growth and physiological index on winter wheat seedlings were studied in different acid environments.
Perturbations of cardiac repolarization increase the risk for life - threatening arrhythmias and sudden cardiac death
Methods The thickness and the transverse diameter of L 5~S 1 inter vertebral disc and the vertical diameter of the bone hole were measured on 16 sides of adult spine (including pelves).
In accordance with the claims, the smoke extract is prepared using a method comprising the steps of i) preparing a char from wood or cellulose preferably by pyrolysis, ii) extracting one or more fractions of the char with an extraction solvent in its supercritical state and/or an extraction solvent in its liquid state, said solvent in its supercritical state being selected from the group consisting of CO2, propane, methane, ethylene, ammoniac, methanol, water and mixtures of one or more of these solvents, said solvent in its liquid state being selected from the group consisting of C02, propane, and mixtures of these components. iii) collecting at least some of the extracted char to thereby obtain a smoke extract.
PK-15 cell line for expressing Nectin-1 gene extracellular region segment and building method thereof
Prospect for application of umbilical cord blood to clinical treatment of radiation sickness.
Also designs a method for extracting membrane-bound target molecules containing other washing methods.
in the method of the invention, additional dispersant does not need to be added for the preparation of nano particle slurry, thus reducing the production cost, having simple operation and being suitable for nano particles with organically modified surfaces or surfaces which are not organically modified.
Synthesis and Structural Chemistry of Coordination Polymers Constructed by Carboxylphenoxyacetic Acids;
Adjusted hazard ratios for death from any cause according to the defined daily statin dose (the assumed average maintenance dose per day) were 0.82 for a dose of 0.01 to 0.75 defined daily dose per day, 0.87 for 0.76 to 1.50 defined daily dose per day, and 0.87 for higher than 1.50 defined daily dose per day; the corresponding hazard ratios for death from cancer were 0.83, 0.87, and 0.87
The clinical value of high-dose adjuvant chemotherapy supported by autologous HSCT (hematopoietic stem cell transplantation) for postoperative breast cancer patients with high risk of recurrence remains controversial.
TS and excision repair cross-complementation group 1(ERCC1)gene expression levels were evaluated by real-time polymerase chain reaction and by immunohistochemistry using the H-score.
study on morphological diversity of wild Lily from Qinba mountain and its adjacent area
All patients have been followed up for one year.Anti-HLA antibodies were detected by Luminex methods.
Protecting Effects of Antioxidant Alpha Lipoic Acid on Experiment ALI/ARDS in Rat Model
Conclusion NOGGIN protein can enhance the proliferation of MDA-MB-231 cell,and inhibit its invasion and metastases.
By way of widely collecting clinic syndrome,Prof. Zhu Wenfeng has created a new SD method,which is called syndrome fact differentiation(SFD) system.SFD mainly consists of pathology position and property,which could be normalized and quantified.
a change in charge disturbs protein structure,
Cloning and Prokaryotic Expression of OMP Bp-26 Gene of Brucella melitensis
it comprise ( I ) at least one reaction zone, in a metal-organic phosphite ligand complex catalyst and optionally a free organic phosphite ligand presence, so that one or more reactants reaction, generate contain one or more products of that reaction products fluid,
group B (n=30), patients received no chemotherapy
The sensitivity of baroreflex was indicated with the ratio between heart rate and average arterial pressure (△HR/△MAP, bpm/kpa) when the depressor reflex induced by phenylephrine.
Diabetic nephropathy(DN) is the most common chronic complications of diabetes,and it is not only one of the main reasons that lead to end-stage renal disease(ESRD),but also the main factor that diabetes patients died of.It is significant for both preventing the DN in early stage of diabetes and delaying the development of DN to study the therapy of Traditional Chinese Medicine.
(6)JTSXKL could inhibit proliferation of VSMC induced by AGEs in vitro.
is prepare from flos Lonicerae, herba Taraxaci, caulis Clematidis Armandii, rehmanniae radix, Scutellariae radix, radix scrophulariae, cortex Phellodendri, radix et rhizoma Rhei, fel Sus Domestica juice, Margarita lay powder, cornu Saigae Tataricae powder and pulvis Cornus Bubali Concentratus, and optionally radix Angelicae sinensis, radix Glehniae and radix Paeoniae Rubra
The method contains the steps of administering to the subject one dose of an immunosuppressive agent followed by administering to the subject one to five doses of a reovirus.
effect of ￣ ( 60) Co-γ radiation on erythrocyte deformability
(i) if the mutation of said at least one internal amino acid at position P is the mutation of the lysine at position 137 of the human plasmin catalytic domain (which is amino acid position 698 relative to human Glu-plasminogen) into an amino acid rendering the peptide bond between amino acids 137 and 138 more resistant to autoproteolysis, said plasminogen variant, plasmin variant or plasmin derivative comprises an intact activation site at amino acid positions 561 and 562 (relative to human Glu-plasminogen), and, when amino acids at position 536 and 541 (relative to human Glu-plasminogen) outside the catalytic domain are present, said amino acids are the wild-type cysteines, or
Initially, a whole tissue sample 140 (e.g. bone marrow aspirate, whole blood, a combination of blood and bone marrow) is positioned within the separation system 20 via introduction from the filling syringe 60.
The Treatment Effects of Probucol on the Middle Cerebral Artery Stenosis
the result of that 4th treatment ( 7.5 t/hm~2 BFGD and 1200 m~3/hm~2 leach ( water)) was the b in this experiment, the germination rate of sunflower is up to 92.5%, ESP, pH and TDS had dropped to 15%, 7. 7% and 15% from initial 63.5, 9.15 and 0.65%, respectively
Preliminary experience of cine MRI in diagnosing children's congenital anomalies of the heart and great vessels
the subject fusion protein will generally be produce by recombinant methods, in particular and preferably by expression of a subtilisin prodomain/second protein DNA wherein that DNA will be express in microbial host cells, in particular Bacillus subtilis, because this bacteria naturally produces subtilisin, is an efficient secretor of proteins, and is able to produce the prodomain protein in an active conformation
The deduced amino acid sequence of the gene contained the typical domain of lipoxygenase and putative transit peptides for chloroplast import.
With less potent immnuotypes such as botulinum toxin type B (MYOBLOC(R)), larger dose are needed to achieve the same regional bioeffect, hence further diffusion occurs with increased complication rates (see Table 2).
Analysis of SNPs in the Promoter of IL-1β Gene and Their Relationship with LPS Response;
[Conclusion] 18F-FDG PET/CT has important va-lue for assessing response to treatment in lymphoma.
The BAFF mRNA expression in NHL patients peripheral blood were higher compared to those in control groups,which may play important roles in the initiation and progression of NHL.
These two cell-lines were divided into Qigong and control groups.
Evaluation of practice students on teaching of clinical instruction teachers
Effects of Danshaohuaxian capsules on proliferation, activation and apoptosis of hepatic stellate cells in fibrotic rat livers
Determination of trace dopamine has important significance on physiology,disease diagnosis and pharmaceuticals quality.In acid medium and surfactant,the fluorescence intensity of acridine orange could be quenched in the presence of graphene oxide.However,when dopamine was added into the system solution,the fluorescence intensity of the system was increased and the increasing fluorescence intensity was proportional to the amount of dopamine.
such a device may be use for that in vitro analysis of samples, which include blood, blood serum, urine, or other ( proces) samples
The baby's food is made of mare's milk, bull's bone powder, corn flour, grape sugar and other elements.
We sought to recognize the clinical features of insomnia and tumor fever together with their harms to cancer patients.TCM nursing can decrease the dependence of cancer patients on sedative and hypnotic drugs in treating insomnia and tumor fever.Tumor fever is a general outcome rather than local effect induced by tumor itself,hence,in other words,it is a kind of paraneoplastic syndrome.
Preparation and Application of Fluoroacrylate Copolymer Emulsion as Surface Sizing Agent
Then, the number of the obtained colonies was counted and multiplied with the dilution times to obtain the number of viable bacteria.
the determination of special people and tumor patient verifies that it has higher reliability, sensitivity and accuracy.
the solvent is acetone, acetylacetone, methyl ethyl ketone, methyl isobutyl ketone, acetonitrile or valeronitrile or a mixture thereof.
A process for homopolymerization or copolymerization comprising contacting propylene or a mixture of alpha-olefins having 2 to 8 carbon atoms containing a major proportion of propylene in the gas phase in at least one reaction zone, under polymerization conditions, with a catalyst system comprising (i) a solid catalyst precursor, which includes magnesium, titanium, a halogen which is chlorine, bromine, or iodine, and a polycarboxylic acid ester containing two ester groups attached to two adjacent carbon atoms wherein the two adjacent carbon atoms and the two carbonyl carbon atoms are coplanar;
Conclusion Nursing intervention is important to relieving xerostomia of AIDS patients.
Study on sheep rumen solid cellulolytic bacteria by 16S rRNA quantitative analytical techniques
The “Mir I” and “Mir II” are three-person submersibles of the Russian Federation with a maximum operating depth of 6,000 metres.
Most of the viable variants however are at least 95% homologous and more preferably at least 99% to a nucleic acid according to the prototype HCoV-NL63.
Study on Fermentation Conditions of Paecilomyces Lilacinus and Preliminary Research on Study Method of Interaction Mechanism between Paecilomyces Lilacinus and Nematode;
Effects of electroacupuncture on tropism of effective component of pubescent angelica root in the rat with adjuvant arthritis
in another aspect, that initial effective concentration of the primary or secondary nitro compound range from about 1.15 molar to about 4 molar, from about 1.3 molar to 3 molar, or from about 1.45 molar to 2.5 molar.
The changes in oncogene expression induced by bleomycin analogues
Nutritional Status and therapeutic effect in 41 patients on peritoneal dialysis
Comparison between single X-ray film and CT in measuring femoral neck anteversion angle
Synthesis of difluoro[2,2] paracyclophane by degradation reaction
Treatment of acute traumatic carotid-cavernous fistula (TCCF) with interventional detachable balloon
Clinical analysis of distance of iris and intraocular lens after the implantation of posterior chamber lens
DYNAMICAL ANALYSIS OF LOBSTER MODEL FOR CARDIAC GANGLION
The invention also provides a preparation method of the compound shown by the formula I, which comprises the following steps: in an organic solvent, enabling a compound L-26 to react with hydrazine to obtain the compound shown by the formula I in the presence of organic base, wherein the organic solvent is dimethyl sulfoxide or N,N-dimethyl formamide.
Objective: ①To detect the content of mesaconitine(MA) in 6% tinctura aconiti by high performance liquid chromatography (HPLC) method.
Effects of Solanum Lyratum Thunb on Multiplication in Human Acute Promyelocytic HL-60 Cells
Treatment of Limited External Incision and Internal Ligation Combined with Restoration of Intervenient Skin for Circumferential Mixed Hemorrhoids
24. while the abortion rate remained unacceptably high, it could no longer be stated that abortion was regarded in ukraine as a method of family planning.
MULTIPLE HEPATITIS VIRUS INFECTION IN ACUTE HEPATITIS
The results showed that, in experiments by food intake method, abamectin and fipronil had the LC_(50) (48h) of 0.0360 mg/L (0.0180 mg/kg mulberry leaves) and 3.8312 mg/L (1.9156 mg/kg mulberry leaves) to 2nd instar larvae respectively
10.0 Percent of Children by Age Enrolled in the Education System (2001-2002)
Expression of PTTG and bFGF in the tissue of nonsmall-cell lung cancer
Methods To survey the condition of hospitalized patients who account for 329.
FIG . 1 shows an elevation view of an occipital plating system secured to the occiput and cervical vertebrae of the spinal column .
isolation and sequence of that Glyceradehide- 3 -Phosphate dehydrogenase Gene of Magnapothe grisea
the animal were then sacrificed, and that sample remove with the surrounding muscle tissue
the present invention include a safety mechanism that inhibits that light from the UV light source from reach an eye of a person in the vicinity of the UV light source at an intensity that would damage the eye
free treatment
Effect of gallnut,rhubarb,humifuse euphorbia herb,neem,Chinese pulsatilla root,Chinese tallow tree,red-knees herb and copperleaf therapeutic on silver carps bighead common diseases were studied by artificial infection test.
Hemidesmosomes anchor epithelium to the underlying collagenous portion of the stroma .
Through the DTA experiment together with the quenching treatment during combustion reaction,the reaction behavior and formation mechanism of the in-situ synthesized ZrC was investigated.
Clinical Study of Direct Injection Cholangiography with Helical Computed Tomography
The Kinetics of Emulsifier-Free Emulsion Polymerization of Styrene-Butyl Acrylate and TEM Analysis
The MRI Diagnosis of Cervical Vertebral Hyperextension Injuries:Report of 12 Cases
There were no adverse reaction occurred,routine urine normal blood during and after the treatment in the two groups.
It was found that no significant change in the frequency of intestinal contraction was observed in all groups
the present invention provide targeted delivery composition and their methods of use in treating and diagnosing a disease state in a subject
Labelled neurons usually made axo-dendritic and axo-somatic synapses with axonal terminals.
The culture medium used consists of mainly glycose, starch, yeast powder, corn pulp, peptone and inorganic salt; the optimal conditions include temperature of 28-30 deg.c, air flow rate of 0.5-1.0 time total volume each minute and fermentation period of 96-120 hr; and from each liter of fermentation liquid, 2.7-3.0g of sapromycin sodium salt crystal may be obtained.
b)The soil moisture with in tercropping was 3~4% higher than the control in summer.
Participating centers and investigators with experience in transcatheter and surgical treatment of congenital heart disease were selected
in particular example that corosolic acid is delivered in a banaba leaf extract that contain 1% corosolic acid,
Conclusion The precise definition of psoriatic arthritis should be atypical arthritis accompanied by psoriasis.
include that steps of root and strengthening tissue culture seedlings, preparing after-transplant nutrient liquor culture medium, transplant, domesticating for seedling emergence and the like.
Healthcare facilities need to enable improved productivity for their clinicians and still comply with strict information standards designed to protect patient privacy.
American Society for Therapeutic Radiology and Oncology (ASTRO) 50th Annual Meeting: Abstract 225. Presented September 23, 2008.
Conclusions: In patients with HCV infection, certain serum markers could be positive, including anti HCV IgG, anti HCV IgM, anti GOR antibodies and HCV C33, all of them can be used for the diagnosis of HCV infection in laboratory
Advances in the study of natural small molecular antibody
However, no significant difference was noted between the primary non-metastasis group(22 cases)and the primary metastasis group (30 cases).
Health Education for Patients Undergoing Operations in Out-patient Department
Preparation and Properties of Cross-linking and Esterifying Pregelatinization Starch of Mechanical Activated Maize Starch
Preparation of Colloidal Gold Test Paper Against Rabies Virus and Enhancing the Antibody Secretion Capability of Hybridoma Cell Lines in Vitro
ResultS Asthmatic children in acute attack stage had increased amounts of Co and NO2 /NO3 compared with normal control subjects (CO:1. 66±0. 35, 1. 06±0. 12mg/L, respectively, P<0. 001: NO2 /NO3: 32. 8 ±3. 9,29. 3 ±0. 28, respectivcly, P<0. 01
Combined preparation for the treatment of cardiovascular diseases based on chronotherapy theory
Methods The NOS activity in the brain tissue and serum was examined with reagent box of NOS
Methods The differential diagnosis and the method of preoperative evaluation of resectability by computed tomography, and the improvement of surgical techniques of pancreaticodudenectomy for periampullary carcinoma, especially carcinoma of the head of the pancreas were explicated.
4.2 Intended Conditions of Use of Yeast Beta-Glucan in Food and Proposed Levels of Use
Conclusion:Shugan Jianpi Huayu therapy has a certain efficacy on the relative serum markers of early-state hepatic cirrhosis.
synthesis and antibacterial activity of tricyclic fluoroquinolone
(3)the settling to determine the biodegradation respiration graph is simple and speedy、effective and intuitive, the traditional BOD_5/COD ratio is replaced by DO, the compare of the biodegradation respiration graph and the endogenous respiration graph is the estimation of the biodegradation.
immunization has already contributed significantly to progress towards millennium development goal 4 on child mortality.
It should be appreciated that the further processing may include the steps of hydrolyzing the biomass paste 220, and converting the hydrolyzed biomass paste 220 into ethanol, for example, using conventional fermentation techniques
the Bifidobacteria strains tested were resistant to concentrations up to and including 1.5 % bovine bile ( data not shown ) .
5 patients were inadvanced stage, 6 in drug-sensitive relapse, 4 in partial remission(PR), 4 in first completeremission (CR_1)and 2 in CR_2, one with marrow involvement at ABMT.
The results showed that Chitosan could enhance chlorophyll,soluble protein,soluble sugar and free proline content,increase POD activity,decrease MDA content and reduce the cell damage caused by Chromium stress and enhance tomato seedlings resistance to chromium.
its extension preparation include suppository, vaginal gel, vaginal tablet, and effervescent tablet.
the polymer that can be obtained by means of suspension polymerization in the presence of ptfe is preferably polystyrene,
neurectodermal cells can be delivered to form new nerve tissue
Staphylococcus aureus(S.aureus) strains were isolated from the surface of healthy human bodies and 18 kinds of classical and newly described staphylococcal superantigenic toxin genes of the isolates was detected using four sets of multiplex PCR.
Methods:Codon 249 mutations were detected using allele specific PCR in cancerous and pericancerous tissues of 9 codon 249 mutation positive cases and 11 negative cases detected by single stranded conformational polymorphism (SSCP) analysis in former research.
the structure of that paracetamol is corroborate by using a high efficiency liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry method through monitor the following ions: parent ions 152.1, daughter ion 110.1 and daughter ions 93.1
Study of Intervention Effect of Compound Traditional Chinese Medicine on Dendritic Cells in Peripheral Blood in Psoriasis Vulgaris in Vitro
One of the most reliable models for assessing the ability of cells to form stable cartilage is the intramuscular implantation of cells into nude mice followed by the histological evaluation of the generated implants.
Results Thirty-five neonates (21 males and 14 females) with infection caused by staphylococcus aureus were identified, aged from 6d to 28d, including 24 cases of pneumonia, 7 cases of septicaemia, 2 cases of hypodermic gangrene, 1 case of phlegmona with formation of an abscess and 1 case of omphalitis
adjusting the pH value of the reaction solution, adding an industrial glucose or a sodium sulphite to perform reaction, standing and depositing the reaction result to obtain a clear liquid after reaction, adding an ammonia into the clear liquid, controlling the pH value to between 8 and 10, stopping adding the ammonia, and performing filter pressing and washing on the obtained solution to obtain a filter cake;
ACP activity changed similarly following the up of duration of treatment.When the crabs were treated by 58 mg/L Cd2+ for 48 h,the ACP activity reached the maximum.
Conclusion:CT and MRI could clearly show the primary gallbladder carcinoma,and accurately evaluate the extent and spread of invasion.However,MRI is better than CT for showing indirect signs,such as gallbladder stones and regional lymph node metastasis.
the above mechanism have been described as playinga pathological role.
The hydrophilic polymer employed is HPMC, the electrolytic agent is NaHCO3, the release-modifying excipient employed is pectin, the filler employed is the MCC, and the lactic acid bacteria pre-blend of lyophilized powder and starch is the BC.
Myc-tagged m-receptorcould not be immunoprecipitated by the anti-FLAG antibody or vice versa for the FLAG-tagged d-receptor from membranes expressing only one receptor subtype
The Medicine Usage Investigation of High Blood Pressure Patients of Liaoning Province Villages
in some further embodiment, that composition is a dehydrated composition, and wherein the fragrant ester is produced upon rehydration of the composition.
The application of calcium alginate immobilized method in brewing yeast cell
Different surgical approachs for the treatment of severe cervical spondylotic myelopathy with ossification of posterior longitudinal ligament
include organic phosphate, phosphinates, magnesium oxide, zinc borate, melamine polyphosphate, magnesium hydroxide, aluminum hydroxide
Magnetic Resonance Angiography and Its Clinical Practical Value
The corresponding 2-bromo-4, 5-methylenedioxyphenylpropiolic acid (4) was obtained by alkaline hydrolysis of the ester (crude
when the aroma extract is used in an amount of below 0.01 wt %,
Unpredictable Stress Factor on the Mice Model of Ulcerative Colitis Induced by Dextran Sodium Sulphate in the Injury and Protective Effect of Melatonin
The fatty acid or derivative present in the fatty acid preparation used in the present formulations should be at least 70% pure and preferably at least 80% pure.
The clinical curative effect analysis of surgery and high frequency radiosurgical knife cone cutting for cervical carcinoma in situ
Male Wistar rats were divided into two groups of ten each. The ADR group received ADR injection in the dose of 2- 5mg/kg ip. three times a week for 2 weeks.
Research of the Effect of the Cells of Thyroid Papillary Carcinoma to Cytokine-induced Killer Cells and IL-2
Objective To investigate whether the curative effect of Botulinum Toxic A (BTX-A) block increased and prolonged when the dose calculated according to certain formula.
The blood and some tissue of lipid peroxide were measured in SD rats
Utilize soft light wave music to resonate with the brain cells, relieve stress, promote movement of brain cells to stimulate the potential
Utilization of healthcare resources in obstructive sleep apnea syndrome: a 5-year follow-up study in men using CPAP.
A pot-culture experiment was conducted to study the effect of different nitrogen forms on nitrogen metabolism and accumulation in peanut variety Huayu 22 by 15N isotope trace technique.
in a rabbit model of atherosclerosis in which c. pneumoniae infection exacerbate plaque deposition and atherosclerotic changes in that arterial wall
the result indicate that when that antibody to the native protein was used and the sample solution was not heat, high detection sensitivity could be maintained for a relatively short time, but the sensitivity was reduced with time
Objective: To investigate the expression of the small G protein Ran in gastric cancer and its clinical significance.
XPS Study of Property Changes of the Themal Control Coatings with 110keV Proton Irradiation
Study of the course of the mandibular canal by spiral CT 3-D imaging
The physiological waveforms, physiological parameters and alarm information, etc. displayed by this monitor shall be for the doctors’ reference only and cannot be directly used as the clinical treatment basis.
Method:Sample was extracted and cleaned-up with the multifunctional cleaning column. The purified solution was derivatized with TFA and isolated by ZORBAX XDB-C18 separating column,then eluted with 23% acetonitrile at 20℃.
The stable configurations are obtained when DBT,4H-DBT,6H-DBT and HY-DBT are perpendicular absorbted on the surface of catalyst,at same time their adsorption energies are grown up by increasing of the hydrgen atoms;the opposite results are got when they are flat absorbted on the surface of catalyst.
patients having internal tandem duplication mutations of flt3 ( fms-like tyrosine kinase 3 ) or an increased expression level of evl ( ectotropic viral integration 1 site ) gene are known to have a bad prognosis.
The eradication rate of Hp in therapy group and control group were separately 90.9%(60/66) and 87.5%(28/32). There was no significance difference of the eradication of Hp
Objective:To investigate the expressions and clinical significance of p300/CBP and Smad4 in non-small cell lung cancer(NSCLC) tissues.
Experimental Study on the Effects of Improving Gastric Cancer Cachexia Using Cytokine Induced Killer Cells Pulsed with Dendritic Cells in Combination with Newcasatle Diease Virus
[Result]125 male patients with breast disease were diagnosed by ultrasound as breast cancer in 4 cases,breast inflammation in 5 cases,pseudo - hypertrophy of breast in 12 cases and male breast development disorder(GYN) in 97 cases.
The Cell Bioeffect Study of Several Au-based Nanoparticles
The recommended method has been successfully used for analysis of o-aminophenol in simulation samples.
the present invention also relate to recombinant expression vectors comprise a polynucleotide of that present invention, a promoter, and transcriptional and translational stop signals
the reduce diameter of that probe reduces risk to patients, reduces or eliminates the nee for anesthesia
chemically active film former
A method for preparing detection reagent kit of antibiotic residue in fresh milk includes making culture media by mixing degreased milk powder with distilled water, grafting lactic acid bacterial spawn in culture media after it is sterilized in high temperature and it is cooled down, freezing it to be dry frozen bacterial powder, mixing said powder with indicator then filling them into plastic tube, covering cup on tube to seal it for finalizing reagent kit preparation.
The results showed that when the extract concentration equivalent was 20-25 g/L,the inhibitory effect was the best with the inhibitory rate of 63. 65%-65. 59%;the chlorophyll-a concentration showed a significant decrease during the 6-day experiment;and the superoxide dismutase activity in Microcy sis aeruginosa was inhibited significantly after 14 hours.
The culture medium used for the roxburgh anoectochilus terminal bud organic tissue culture is prepared from, by concentration, peeled banana 100-120 g/L, peeled potato 50-80g/L, peeled carrot 10-60 g/L, tomato 10-45g/L, onion 10-15 g/L, agar 4-8 g/L and activated carbon 1-4g/L, and the pH value is 5.4-6.2.
Aim Cloning the gene coding rhoptry protein 1(ROP1)from Toxoplasma gondii ZS2 isolate to prepare for expression and DNA vaccinating with the recombinant plasmid,pcDNA3 ROP1.Methods Amplifying gene fragment coding ROP1 from the genomic DNA of T.
Study of Characteristics of CT Perfusion for Breast Tumor and its Clinical Value
Neuroprotection of ischemic postconditioning on spinal cord ischemia reperfusion injury might be related to PI3K/AKT pathway in rabbit
such as caseinate and hydrolyzed or partially hydrolyze caseinates, lactoglobulines, whey proteins or milk powder and their hydrolyzate which can be obtained by known methods with degree of hydrolysis of, e. g., up to 25
Another cause of liver fibrosis is viral infection.
the central computer stores identification data for a plurality of gaining computers and is configured for randomly assigning outcomes from the randomized prize datastream to the gaming computers in response to purchase requests by players for a requested number of outcomes in each purchase request.
The percentage of butcher,half-eviscerated yield and eviscerated yield in female duck were significantly higher than that of male duck.The percentage of leg muscle and breast muscle had not significantly difference in sexes.
in that invention, the extract method comprises the follow steps of: crushing griffonia seeds and then ultrasonically extract the crushed griffonia seeds for 1-4 times by using purified water at 30-70 DEG C, wherein the time of each extraction is 1-4 hours, and the mass ratio of the griffonia seeds to the purified water is 1: ( 6-10
Consequently,photosynthetic rate of abaxial leaf surface in sorghum should be mainly droved by self-transmitted light but not diffuse light.Differences in stomatal density,substomatic cavity,contacting areas between bundle sheath and mesophyll cells are related to this feature of abaxial leaf surfaces.
Differential Expression of AL023001 in db/db Diabetic Nephropathy Mice
In 108 hours, the consumption of glucose is declined with slowness linearization and its concentration is from 2.291~0.03 g/l
Primary culture and purification of cerebral astrocyte of tree shrew
the oil-in-water emulsion, for, for example, by using a rotor-stator homogenize at 40 c, was found to be more stable in that presence of the polysaccharide ( gum arabic) than the soluble protein ( gelatin), and was further stabilized by the addition of a waxy corn starch ( high amylopectin content
Objective To analyze the causes and characteristics of amputation in diabetic patients with peripheral neuropathy,in order to provide preliminary information to prevent the amputation.
To search for a good way for complex total hip arthroplasty ( THA) and hip reconstruction
A new kinetic method for the determination of trace chromium(VI) was established based on the catalytic action of Cr(VI) on the oxidative fading reaction between acid chrome blue K and KIO4 in acid medium. The calibration graph is linear for 1.0~10.0μg /ml,and the detection limit is 4.14×10-8g /ml.
in native fold proteins many cysteine residue are involved in that secondary structure of proteins by disulphide bond formation and may also be buried within the core of the molecule.
in general, it is occasionally desirable to denature and reduce express polypeptides and then to cause that polypeptide to re-fold into the preferred conformation.
Vetvicka, V; Terayama K, Mandeville R, Brousseau P, Kournikakis B, Ostroff G (2002). Pilot study: orally adminsitered yeast β-(1,3)-glucan prophylactically protects against anthrax infection in mice Journal of the American Nutraceutical Association 5: 5-9.
All of 168 femoral neck fracture patients received NBS and were followed up for 8~16 years(average 10. 2 years).
0. Group B and C were divided in the same way.The rabbits were sacrificed,and the same part of pulmonary tissues was taken out at T1-3. The changes of lung tissues were observed under a light microscope and transmission electron microscope.
The effect of adding linseed,Vitamin E and Kangyangbao in diet on egg qulity of layers
provided is a highly safe and hygienic method for industrially efficiently producing a perovskite-type composite oxide at low temperatures in heat treatment, in which the resulting perovskite-type composite oxide can maintain the catalytic activity of a noble metal at a high level over a long time, in a method for producing a perovskite-type composite oxide, a perovskite-type composite oxide is produced by mixing organometal salts of all elementary components constituting the perovskite-type composite oxide to prepare a precursor of the perovskite-type composite oxide, or mixing one or more organometal salts of part of the elementary components constituting the perovskite-type composite oxide with the other elementary components prepared as alkoxides of the respective elements, a coprecipitate of salts of the respective elements or a citrate complex of the respective elements to prepare a precursor of the perovskite-type composite oxide, and heat-treating the precursor of the perovskite-type composite oxide.
CLINICAL STUDY ON PHARMACOKINETICS OF CLARITHROMYCIN
Low-dosed methotrexate treating rheumatoid arthritis causes peripheral lymphocytic DNA damage
When sulfuric acid is the acid utilized in the pretreatment, the composition comprising the pretreated feedstock additionally contains sulfate and/or bisulfate salts of potassium, sodium, calcium and possibly magnesium
the study on ~1h nmr and stereochemistry of n~b- methyl - tetrahydroharman
The respiratory rate,heart rat,levels of leukocyte count,neutrophil number,the value of creatine kinase,creatine phosphokinase-isoenzyme-MB and cardiac troponin-I in sever group was significantly greater than in the other groups(mild or moderately group)(P<0.05 to P<0.01).
Morphological changes were observed within the dentine-pulp complex of both PB and AP groups.After seven days culture,necrotic pulp cells were observed in AP group.While numbers of odontoblast cells decreased in PB group.Both groups showed morphological changes.
Comprehensive Case Study of a Underwater Fan
Both waist circumference and waist - to - hip ratio proide a measure of central obesity
44436 A nutrient powder is prepared from Rhizoma dioscoreae, bone meal such as Os Ostreae or ox bone, soybean lecithin or a complex of soybean lecithin and cephalin, vitamin B complex, and Radix Astragali by mixing, pulverizing, sterilizing, and packaging to obtain product.
Effect of Various Grades of Ganoderma lucidum on Tumor Inhibition and Immunostimulation
a walnut and peanut milk beverage which is prepared pulping 40-50 mass percent of peanut, 40-50 mass percent of soybean and 10-20 mass percent of walnut as raw materials;
Conclusion: MRI could clearly display the anatomical Structures of the ankle joint. The width and the thickness measured through MRI facilitate clinical diagnosis of the ligamentous injury
Question and Measure in Nursing of Cerebral Apoplexy
The maternal effects (c and d) of protein content were significant, which were in accordance with the results of combining ability that the reciprocal effects were highly significant.
Selection of Polymorphism of Brassica napus L R4 and 22B by AFLP Analysis
Blood transcriptional signature of active versus latent mycobacterium tuberculosis infection
ConclusionCurcumin inhibits the phosphorylation of IκBα and downregulates the activation of NF-κB signaling pathway,leading to the suppression of proliferation in ESCC cell.
The influence of mononitrate ester healer on vasospasm and cerebral ischemia after SAH in rats
COMPARISON OF DETECTION FOR MYCOBACTERIUM TUBERCULOSIS WITH MULTIPLEX PCR AND BACTEC 460 TB SYSTEM
Objective To investigate the supine position and prone position in percutaneous lithotripsy of renal hemodynamic effects on patients.
The relative potency of9antifungal antibiotic strains increased to over100%, accounting for13%of the total mutation strains. Among them, the relative potency of mutant strains HN89-68increased to268
Clinical Observation on Combination of NP Chemotherapy with Iressa in Treatment of Adenocarcinoma of Lung which gene amplification in EGFR
These early approaches have largely given way to the more efficient phosphoramidite and H - phosphonate approaches to synthesis .
Microarray analysis for gene expression profiles
Conclusion The normal medium and late pregnancy fetal tricuspid regurgitation has a high incidence and the grade of regurgitation is very mild and mild mainly.
CT Features of Acute Toxicosis of Organophosphorus Pesticide on Basal Ganglion(A Report 2 Cases)
Methods Ninety-two(92) patients with FP were admitted in our center from January 2000 to June 2010,and 55 patients of them died of FP.These dead FP patients were divided into two groups according to the death time: within 7 d(early death group) or after 7 d(late death group).The 24 h Acute Physiology and Chronic Heath Evaluation Ⅱ(APACHE Ⅱ) score,the occurrence of complications were compared between these two groups.
Effect of Bone Marrow Stem Cells Autologous Mobilization on Heart Function of Acute Myocardial Infarct in Rats and Exploration of the Mechanism
The Clinical Significance of Expression of VEGF/VEGFR and Its Relationship with Multiple Drug Resistance in Patients with Acute Leukemia
for example, for producing inhalable 129xe, the 129xe may form a major portion ( or all ) of the administered dose.
6.Histologic features of postradiation AS may be different from primary AS.
it is important, however, that antimicrobial composition provide a substantial and broad spectrum reduction in microorganism populations quickly and without problem associated with toxicity and skin irritation.
The phrase "target sequence" as used herein refers to either a target nucleic acid sequence or a target polypeptide or protein sequence.
Compared to patients with FABP2 Thr(-) genotype of NDR group,the IR index and the level of TG increased significantly(P < 0. 01 and P < 0. 05),the insulin sensitivity index decreased significantly in patients with FABP2 Thr(+) genotype of T2DM group(P < 0. 01).
The Effect of Losartan on Expression of Matrix Metalloproteinase-2 and Its Inhibitor after Endothelia Injury of the Abdominal Artery in Rabbits
Clinical Analysis on Nosocomial Pulmonary Infection in Patients with Liver Cirrhosis
the reaction may be carry out in that presence of an organic solvent
in addition, that automatic surgical purse stitch instrument can perfectly break through the technology bottleneck of the operation on the tissue with larger width in a small space, thus decreasing difficulty in the operation
Koch S, Amir M, Rabinstein AA, et al.Diffusion-weighted magnetic resonance imaging in symptomatic vertebrobasilar atherosclerosis and dissection, Arch Neurol, 2005,62:1228
This study was undertaken to investigate the effects of dietary fat and vitamin E on total cholesterol and triglyceride in plasma of rats. The male Sprague Dawley rats,weighing 179±8g,were allocated randomly into 4 groups:two levels of vitamin E, about 22.4mg and 230mg/kg diet; two levels of dietary fat,12% ,25% energy from fat. The results indicated that (1) plasma total cholesterol in the group of 25% fat -energy low dietary VE group was higer than that of 12% fat -energy and low dietary VE. While the di...
Results Serum ET 1 levels were 68.71±12.03 ng/L in the normal control group
Preliminary Study on Three-dimensional Reconstruction of Eccrine Sweat Glands in Vitro
Clinical Study of Color Doppler Echocardiography in Diagnosis of Anomalous Pulmonary Connection
The results showed that Fe(Ⅲ) could be reduced to Fe(Ⅱ) by sulfydryl(-SH)in tiopronin molecule in acid medium,and then with sulfosalicylic acid as colour reagent of Fe(Ⅲ),the content of tiopronin was indirectly determinated by discoloration spectrophotometry.
A compound which is useful for forming graft polymer chains bound to the substrate is required to have two features such as one of having a polymerizable double bond, and the other of having a hydrophilic group that is involved with the adsorption of nucleic acid.
left atrial appendage occlusive device
The cytotoxicity produced by Muncl8 antibody was less intense than that by GluR3 (P <0.05).
ResultsThe results showed that total alkaloid from Corydalis adunca maxim could remarkably prolong the time of mice lick its backfoot, reduce the twisting times in mice(P<0.05) and relieve mouse ear swelling induced by dimethylbenzene(P0.05).
The result shows that using acidic aspergillus niger in low temperature 65 ℃ is feasible.
In order to improve the technique for histochemical demonstration of the different lymphocyte patterns by alpha-naphthyl acetate esterase (ANAE) activity from a single microscopic slide, 10 kinds of comparative experiments were performed. The results showed as follows. The peripheral blood mononuclear cells first fixed in 0.4% glutaldehyde and postfixed in 15% formol calcium gave the best effect on preserving the enzyme activity and on connterstaning of the leucocyte nuclei. During formol calcium fixation, ...
Results Annexin-V-PI staining demonstrated that apoptosis rate of nucleus pulposus cultured with microcarrier system was lower in stable phase(P0.05).
The folds 18 reduce the outer surface area of the gastric cavity 10 and, correspondingly, the available food volume within the gastric cavity 10.
After Huaier ointment were applied on SUM-159 cells at a dose of 0,1,and 10 mg/mL,the number of formed colonies was gradually reduced as the dose increased(P<0.05),and the number and size of cell spheres were also decreased(P<0.
It was focused on that,the binding efficiency of Vascular Endothelial Growth Factor(VEGF)and Vascular Endothelial Growth Factor Receptor-2(VEGFR-2)competitively inhibited by bivalent single-chain Fv(BsFv),and BsFv’s construction,expression and bioactivity identification.
SYNTHESIS, SPECTRAL AND ELECTROCHEMICAL PROTERTIES OF Cu(Ⅱ) COMPLEXES WITH TRIDENTATE NS 2 LIGANDS
Micronuclei Test in Buccal Mucosal Cells
if further treatment is need, or that type and/ or quantity of treatment medium being dispense needs to be adjusted, the medical personnel would extract the presently inserted treatment medium delivery device 100 from the punctum and insert another treatment delivery device therein, which device is constitute so as to be capable of dispensing the desired type and/or amount of treatment medium.
Oxalic acid and EDTA induced phytoremediation could increase the activity of phosphatase which reached 85. 71% and 128. 57%,respectively.
A latex resin containing 42 weight percent styrene-butyl acrylate-acrylic acid resin, 57 weight percent water, 0.4 weight percent anionic surfactant DOWFAX 2A1(TM), 0.6 percent of an ammonium sulfate salt species was obtained.
POLYMORPHISMS AND CLUSTER ANALYSIS OF CULTIVATED SOYBEANS WITH RAPD
The Causes,Manifestations and Management of Acute Cardiac Tamponade in Radiofrequency Catheter Ablation of Tachycardias
AIM: To study the morphological changes of neutrophils in patients with severe hepatitis and discuss their significance. METHODS: 20 cases of neutrophils specimens prepared with routine methods were observed by electron microscopy. RESULTS: Abnormalities of neutrophils were observated in all patients, which paralleled closely with the stage of hepatic failure in patients. Main ultrastructrual changes included cytoplasm degeneration, want of pinocytotic vesicle and phagosone, d...
Analysis of the correlationship between blood pressure levels and clinical manifestations as well as prognosis of acute intracerebral hemorrhage
In vitro fragmentation of gallstones was performed by means of ultrasound(n=89) and electrohydraulic lithotripsy(n=83) with success rates of 100% and 93%, respectively
Neoadjuvant Chemotherapy in Stage Ⅲ Breast Cancer
Methods Twenty-six patients with advanced lung adenocarcinoma with stage IIIb or IV were treated with pemetrexed and nedaplatin as the first-line chemotherapy,the toxicities were evaluated after one cycle of chemotherapy,and the clinical efficacy was evaluated after at least two cycles of chemotherapy.
bone marrow iron stain
14. A method according to claim 13, wherein said tumor is a solid tumor.
In plants, it is synthesized by a two-step oxidation of choline. The first step is catalyzed by choline monooxygenase (CMO), the second by betaine aldehyde dehydrogenase (BADH
Experimental Study of Distribution and Function of Th- and HAP1-Immunoreactive Positive Neurons in Visceral Motor Ganglia in Rat
This stage includes any cancers that have spread directly through the fatty tissue and the fascia ligament-like tissue that surrounds the kidney.
Study on Absorbed Dose in the Organs and Single Cell Nucleus of Mouse and Molecular Effects after Incorporation of ~3H-labeled Thymidine
③Major radiotherapy side effects in neoadjuvant radiotherapy group occurred less frequently than the in radical radiotherapy group(P < 0. 05).
Cytochrome P450 enzymes mediated the metabolism of the overwhelming majority of drugs.Some clinical drug interaction problems were due to the drugs caused by time-dependent inhibition(TDI) of cytochrome P450 enzymes.However,TDI study was not included in routine in vitro inhibition screening protocols.
the first aqueous base solution is an aqueous solution comprising sodium carbonate , sodium bicarbonate and sodium salts of carboxylic acids .
in general, whey contain fats, mineral, lactic acid, coagulated enzymes
novel retinoid derivatives and production method thereof and anti-cancer pharmaceutical composition comprising same
To study the best ratio of solid calcium indicator. Experimental results under certain conditions have been compared from the determination of calcium iron with different ratio solid calcium indicator
A 60.mu.L sample, together with 20.mu.L of water, was added to 320.mu.L of the substrate S-2238 (Chromogenix AB, Molndal, Sweden) in assay buffer, and the absorbance change (.DELTA.A/min) was monitored.
Observation on Effect of Compound Danshen Droplet-pill Combined with Trimetazidine in Treating Senile Unstable Angina Pectoris
The Study on Synthesis of Oral Physiological Active Isofavonoids and Isoflavone-O-glucosides
Methods These compounds were prepared from 4-(amino-methyl) benzoic acid as starting agents.Their structures were identified by 1H-NMR.
By immunizing the BALB/c mice with human erythrocyte membrane following the procedure of selective immunoinhibition three hybridomas (M1A7C4, M3A 5B7, M3D9F1) have been screened out with hem agglutination test. The monoclonal antibodies with high species-specificity secreted by these hybridomas reacted with human erythrocyte of adult and umbillical cord.
The results were as follows: proper amounts of N\|applied and row space with 9516 were 225 kg/hm 2 and 26.6 cm respectively, those of Shanyou 63 were 150 kg/hm 2 and 33.3 cm.
Ascending CEAP classification and clinical scoring were performed from 2 months to 6 years after operation to evaluate the efficacy.
A process is provided for the preparation of atenolol (4-(2-hydroxy-3-isopropylaminopropoxy)phenylacetamide) in a stereospecific form or a pharmaceutically acceptable salt thereof, and/or a stereospecific form of methyl-4-(2,3-epoxypropoxy) phenylacetate or methyl-4-(2-hydroxy-3-isopropylamino propoxy) phenylacetate which comprises subjecting 4-allyloxyphenylacetate to the action of a micro-organism having the ability for stereoselective epoxidation of 4-allyloxyphenylacetate into methyl-4-(2,3-epoxypropoxy) phenylacetate,
Experimental Study on Antitumor Effect of Keaili Capsule
the individual components may each be in lyophilised form or in solution / suspension .
The first 330 amino acids of the 769-residue S1 subunit of the mouse hepatitis virus (MHV) S protein are sufficient to bind the MHV receptor (Kubo et al (1994) J. Virol. 68:5403-5410).
Our results show peak concentrations of Pirenzepine and dm - Pirenzepine in plasma of about 2-3 h ; in the rat there appears to be virtually no passage of these two substances into the brain ( Fig . 10 ) .
The Study on the Influencing Factors of New Infants Hepatitis B Vaccine Timely Birth Dose in Yunnan Province
The Vasodilative Effect of Cultured Cordyceps sinensis (Berk)Sacc. Mycelia in Anesthetized Dogs
Mechanism of Epicardial Accessory Pathway and Catheter Ablation Methods
energizing a vacuum source connected to tube 60 at the proximal end of the delivery apparatus 39 allows the vacuum in the tubes 40, 50 and 60 to pull on target tissue 100, thereby creating a central dome-like distended tissue mass 101 pulled in by said vacuum.
Objective To investigate the impact and significance of reactive oxygen species(ROS) increased by nitric oxide/nitric oxide synthase(NO/NOS) in idiopathic thrombocytopenic purpura(ITP) model mice.
The inventors have found, surprisingly, that the use of specific polymers combined with at least one filler may make it possible to obtain a composition in rigid form such as a stick, whose application to the skin or the lips produces a deposit which has noteworthy cosmetic properties.
The HCMV-seropositive children had a higher CD8+ cell percentage but a lower CD4+ cell percentage than those without HCMV infection.
Treating and Nursing Pregnant Women with Condyloma Acuminatum
in that preparation of ketofuran cyanide as intermediate, ethyl acetate and crotonic nitrile are natural material.
system and method for medical monitor and treatment through cosmetic monitoring and treatment
Results:The blood glucose lev-els(PBG、FBG、HbAlc) of the cases in Group B decreased more quickly than the cases in Group A after the treament, and the blood glucose levels between cases of the two groups were statistically different (P < 0.05
Results In 310 cases with severe head injuried patients(GCS3-8), acute brain fungus developed in 29(9.4
Concern about long-term antihypertensive therapy on sympathetic balance
24. A protein composition, obtainable by a process according to claim 23.
and pyrrolidinyl analogs, pharmaceutical compositions containing them, and their use as antagonists of urotensin II.
As a mixing ratio between the phosphoric acid, chromic acid, and hydrofluoric acid in the acidic treatment liquid, the phosphoric acid is in a range of from 10% by mass to 11% by mass, the chromic acid is in a range of from 3% by mass to 5% by mass, and the hydrofluoric acid is in a range of from 0.5% by mass to 2% by mass
The virulent phenotype of the vvIBDV might be influenced by each of the found amino acid substitutions, and even (silent) nucleotide substitutions within the coding or non-coding parts of either the A- or B-segment may contribute to the altered phenotype of the vvIBDV isolates in comparison with the classical or antigenic variant isolates.
Study on the Supramolecular Mechanism of the β-Cyclodextrin/Nabumetone/L inear Alcohol System and Its Analytical Application
such that minimal fibrous or granulation tissue is for at that interface between the regenerated bone and connective tissue.
In this paper,the original starch or mixed starch was transformed by using amylases with batch cooking.The influencing factors including transforming time and enzyme usage,on the starch viscosity after biotransformation,were discussed.
Tetrahymena expression vectors capable of introducing exogenous genes by one-step method, and construction method application thereof
HSV antigens can be detected by the ABC method at 24 hours after virus inoculation.
The main resultswere as followed:The estimative ratio between components of genetic variance and phenotypicvariance indicated that yield/plant and 1000-seed weight were mainly controlled withadditive and dominant effect. Tannin content of embryo, protein content of embryo, crude fiber content of hull, oil content of hull and seed and yellow degree were alsocontrolled with additive and dominant effect
As the aqueous medium (C), water, or one having a water-soluble organic solvent incorporated to water, may be mentioned.
the antimicrobial particles may be the same substance ( e. g., silver zeolite ) or may be different ( e. g., a mixture of silver zeolite and silver iodide ).
mechanism, such as the works of a watch, that produces or transmits motion
STUDY ON NEW SYNTHETIC METHOD OF AMINO J ACID AND ITS APPLICATION
Methods HPDLFs were primary cultured and examined for the effects of TGF β on its proliferation, alkaline phosphatase (ALP) activity, osteocalcin (OC) synthesis and formation of the mineralized nodules.
Control group had no symptom improvement without any change of lymphocyte phenotype.
A Non-transformation Method for Detecting Differentially Expressed Genes Using cDNA Microarray
To a solution of 0.230 g (0.57 mmol) of 2-[(E)-2-((5,6,7,8-tetrahydro-3,5,5,8,8-pentamethylnaphthalen-2-yl)propen- 1-yl]-5-bromothiophene (Compound 14) in ether was dropwise added 0.67 mL (1.14 mmol, 1.7M in hexanes) of t-BuLi under argon at -78.degree. C. The resulting mixture was stirred for 1.5 hours, purged with carbon dioxide and allowed to warm to room temperature over a period of 16 hours. The mixture was acidified using 1N HCl and extracted with ether. The ether layer was then washed with water, brine, and dried (MgSO.sub.4). Solvent was removed in-vacuo to give a blue solid which was recrystallized using ether in hexanes to give the title compound as a light blue solid.
For example, monoclonal antibodies J591, J533, and E99 bind to competing binding sites on the prostate specific membrane antigen molecule.
emulsion grafting copolymerization process of preparing retanning and fat liquoring agent of modified starch.
Studies on Synthesis and Antifungalactivities of Analogues Based on Kakuol (Ⅰ)
Another disadvantage associated with the stapler is the discharged staples are not formed in particularly tight loops in comparison to a hand made suture, where the surgeon can tighten the knot after penetrating the tissues with a needle.
the rest rats were divided into ALF model group(14 rats), therapy control group(14 rats) prebiotics therapy group(14 rats) and probiotics therapy group(14 rats).
The perioperative management for one stage resection and anastomosis of colon carcinoma associated with acute obstruction
Treatment of Severe Cardiogenic Pulmonary Edema with Continuous Positive Airway Pressure by Nasal Face Mask
Transformation of Rice Waxy Gene Via Pollen-tube Pathway
The Inferior Vena Cava Change in Cirrhosis Assessed by MSCT
Conclusion Critically ill patient with severe disease in children younger age at disease onset of the peak about 1 year old children generally small,the incidence of disease in children less seasons earlier and lasted longer,the incidence of boys more than girls,which is the age group 1-2 child patients with HFMD light of severe joint disease peak.
in addition, substitution with heavy isotope such as deuterium ( i. e., 2 H) can afford certain therapeutic advantages result from greater metabolic stability
the novel latex is prepare by polymerizing an unsaturated dicarboxylic acid contain 4 to 10 carbon atoms with a copolymerizable monomer ( s) and, optionally, a crosslinking monomer in that presence of an effective amount of a surfactant and initiator
Before the solids-loaded fermentation liquor is applied to the ion-exchange chromatography column, the solids may, if appropriate, be removed by means of conventional methods with which the skilled worker is familiar, for example filtration and centrifugation.
Tissue lesions were panniculitis change and diffuse infiltration of tumor cells in subcutaneous adipose tissue and T cell immune tumor phenotype.
However, in a case where the thickness of the wet film is increased, in the drying process in which only the surface temperature of the wet film is adjusted, it is difficult to remove the solvent away from the surface of the wet film, namely, the solvent contained deep inside the wet film.
Synthesis of Aromatic Diphosphate and Investigation of Flame Retardancy in ABS Resin
In order to reveal the interrelation between the preparation conditions and the quality of whipped cream, the effect of homogeneous pressure on the size distribution of fat globules in the emulsion during the preparation of whipped cream was investigated by means of the laser light scattering instrument. The relationship between the size distribution of fat globules and the partial coalescence rate as well as foam overrun of fat during the whipping process was then analyzed with SPSS 13.0 software
What is claimed is : 1 . use of ethylenediaminetetraacetic acid or a salt thereof for suppressing discoloration in dentifrices containing an ascorbic acid derivative .
Histopathology and expression of VEGF in callus during the healing process of open fracture under seawater immersion
EFFECTS OF STIMULATION OF RENAL AFFERENT NERVE ON RENAL EXCRETION OF WATER SODIUM AND POTASSIUM
Further, the widal test gives positive results only after one or two weeks of the onset of fever.
For manufacturing a DNA chip by an ink jet method, a DNA chip can be manufactured easily at a low cost in comparison with the first method.
a curing body 1 is bisphenol A-epoxy acrylic ester or phenolic epoxy acrylic ester which is 24 to 48% by weight, a curing body 2 also a thinner is tripropylene glycol genus acrylic ester which is 20 to 46% by weight, a curing auxiliaries is dipentaerythritol-6-acrylic ester or GP-537 or GP-71-SS which is 5 to 16% by weight, a photo-initiation is 2, 4, 6-methylbenzene formyl radicel diphenyl phosphine oxide which is 5 to 16% by weight, the sum of each weight of the component is 100%.
in particular opiode-induced obstipation, arthritis, migraine, psoriasis or other irritative skin disease, dysmenorrhoea, fibromylagia, pain states
Conclusions Internal plate fixation through posterior-lateral approach can provide a full view of posterior condylar tibial plateau easy for reduction,it is effective in the treatment of posterior condylar tibial plateau fracture.
Second,different research groups had expressed their common concerns about the relationships between antibiotics and the industrial agriculture,the related liabilities,and the consequences and counterplans of the abuse of antibiotics,which had led to several clear research focuses,reflecting the realistic concern of the researchers.
Insulin Receptor Substrate Proteins
About 93 weight percent of this paper product is ceramic fiber/shot, the remaining 7 percent being in the form of an organic latex binder.
Diagnostic Value of Determination of Serum AFP、CA19-9、AFU、TGF-β1 in Patients with Liver Cancer
Determination of Rosiglitazone Maleate in Plasma by Reversed-Phase High Performance Liquid Chromatogrephy
Objective To observe the clinical characteristics, treatment and prognosis of AV block in patients with acute myocardial infarction (AMl) of different stages.
One of the most exciting recent advances in biology and medicine is the discovery that nitric oxide is produced by endothelial cells and that it is involved in the regulation of vascular tone, platelet aggregation, neurotransmission and immune activation (Furchgott and Zawadzki, 1980; Moncada, Palmer and Higgs, 1991; Ignarro, 1991).
A clinical study on the safety, tolerance and effectiveness of the domestic nonionic contrast medium-Iohexol in CT scanning of the head
Objective:To investigate the anatomical characteristics of the danger zone during dissection of the retrohepatic tunnel and determine its clinical application.
In another embodiment, the present invention comprises a method for the treatment or prevention of elevated IOP comprising administering to a subject a first amount of an epoxy-steroidal aldosterone receptor antagonist, an epoxy- steroidal aldosterone receptor antagonist containing a 9,11- epoxy moiety, a 9,11-epoxy-steroidal aldosterone receptor antagonist described in Table 1, or eplerenone and a second amount of an anti-glaucoma agent or other compound or drug selected from cannabinoids drug class, for example, anandamine; selective and unselective PKC inhibitors drug class; rho kinase inhibitors drug class; and combinations thereof; corticosteroid receptor antagonists; selective and nonselective dopamine DA-1 agonists; TNF antagonists; somatostatin selective sst4 agonists; angiotensin II antagonists; thyroxine; adenosine 3 antagonists, vacuolar proton ATPase inhibitors such as bafilomycin; sodium hydrogen antiporter inhibitors; chloride anion exchanger inhibitors; and combinations thereof, wherein the first amount and second amount together comprise a therapeutically effective amount.
and 4: sl = test sample 1 s2 = test sample 2 +: microorganisms present -: no microorganisms present conclusions the validation tests with the method and device according to the present invention in a hospital environment have shown that the method and device are very effective against at least staphylococcus aureus, mrsa, enterococcus faecealis, acinetobacter baumanni, and pseudomonas aeruginosa, which are microorganisms that are commonly present in hospitals and may be the cause of serious nosocomial infections.
The changes of the expression of pMEK and pAKT after treated with CEF NAC were decreased and there were differences in statistical significance(P<0.05).
instruct that sample adding needle to absorb the platelet aggregation induc, injecting the platelet aggregation inducer into the test cup of the t core device and reading the transmittance data of an inductor sample;
Conclusion retreatment in elderly patients with pulmonary tuberculosis clinical effects of the application of new chemotherapy significantly better than the old program,levofloxacin can effectively improve the clinical efficacy of the the retreatment elderly tuberculosis.
Conclusion Soybean flavone can inhibit the proliferation of SMMC7721 cell lines of human liver cancer and the activity of hexokinase in the cells,and lower the level of CD133 protein in cancer stem cells.
Objective:In order to study the biological diversity of springtails and find simple methods of mitochondrial DNA isolation and ampilification.Method:The Sinella sp.
The PCR-DGGE analysis showed that in the two systems the differences of the microbial community structure were formed gradually,and the part of dominant bacteria was weakened gradually in the SBR with lysozyme addition.
Treat analysis of 45 New arrivals with Gastrointestinal dysfunction
The invention relates to a virus detection method, and particularly relates to a method for detecting newcastle disease virus nucleic acid by RT-PCR, which comprises virus multiplication, primer design, nucleic acid extraction, product identification, and sequence identification; the beneficial effects of the invention are that: according to the method, virus multiplication is performed firstly by chick embryo inoculation, and then PCR detection is performed; an R degenerate primer is added into an F-F primer, which realizes the detection of week viruses and strong viruses during the detection of the newcastle disease virus nucleic acid; the detection is accurate, reduces the time for respectively detecting week viruses and strong viruses, and solves the problem of easy detection missing in traditional methods.
PAX-8 gene was highly expressed in thyroid tissues of GD, whereas TTF-1 gene expression was no significantly increased in GD by comparison to normal thyroid tissues
At 2 days after operation, the level of blood LA of curative group descended to 2. 42¡À1. 43mmol/L, while the level of dead group continued to ascend and reached 9. 29¡À4. 74mmol/L, there was a very significant difference between two groups (P<0. 01
include are nitrile containing monomer such as alpha-ethoxyacr gammalonitrile, fumaronitrile or crotonitrile; vinyl pyridine; vinyl esters such as vinyl acetate; styrenes such as styrene, halogenated styrene or alpha-methyl styrene; dienes such as butadiene, isoprene and chloroprene; unsaturated carboxylic compounds like acrylic acid, methacr gammalic acid and salts thereof; or other unsaturated monomers like acrylamide, methacrylamide or n-substituted maleimides
The composition for formation of the organic-inorganic composite and the organic-inorganic composite in Example 2 were prepared in the same manner as that of Example 1 except that 31 mg of the surface-treated zirconium oxide particles A and 225 mg of the copolymer A containing the organic ligands were used
Study on amplification of the nucleotide sequences homologous to GBV-C from the DNAs of MT2 and HeLa cells and the PBMC DNAs of human and chimpanzee
in this method, fiber ( e. g., crosslinked cellulosic fiber treated with crosslinking agent and, if necessary, catalyst, and optional thermoplastic fibers; or cellulosic fiber treated with crosslinking agent and, if necessary, catalyst, and optional thermoplastic fibers) are introduced into a forming device that includes a pocket or mold that forms that fibers into a desired shape ( e. g., the shape of an acquisition zone to be used in an absorbent product such as an infant diaper, adult incontinence product, or feminine care product
it adopt that catalytic chain to transfer technology to make esters monome copolymerize with esters with double bond, obtain the termination to bring unsaturated double bond C =Macromonomer of C, this macromonomer and have methacrylic acid in hydrophobic segment esters monomer, or with having segmental monomers of hydrophile to copolymerize and get the hydrophobic segment of the main chain belt, prop up segmental grafting amphiphilic polyacrylate dispersing agent of hydrophile of chain belt, its number average molecular weight is in 1000-200000
How is obesity measured
satisfy the request of transporting, storing and proliferating stem cell of corneal limbus under different experimental conditions.
Our study of neural crest cells shows that these cells behave in exactly this way
The Expression of Differentiation-related Gene14 in Differentiation of Leukemia Cell K562 and Cloning of the Alternative Splicing mRNA
The formula,which was C/N 25 ~ 35:1,fermenting inoculum Bio and moisture content 40%~55%,was the optimum formula of maize straw and pig manure composting in packing bags.
some example of disintegrating agent include alginic acid, corn starch and that like.
A multi-functional monomer containing triazine ring was synthesized by esterification reaction of tri(2-hydroxy-ethyl) isocyanurate (THEIC) and acrylic acid (AA) in suitable conditions.
[Methods] To reveal the regulatory role of p52Shc in autophagy,we used confocal microscopy and immunoblotting to examine autophagy induced by TZ.Then we used small RNA interference( siRNA) to deplete Shc and plasmids transfection to overexpress wtShc as well as 3mShc in PAE cells.Finally,we reached conclusion by detecting autophagic status following the deprivation of UNC-51-like kinase-1( Ulk1) by siRNA.
Mean platelet volume and its influencing factors in acute coronary syndrome
Results The content of IL-1βin group A, B, C and D was higher than that in group E,and further, they arranged degressively.
The Use of Latissimus Dorsi Myocutaneous Flap for Immediate Reconstruction after Resection of Maxillofacial Tumor
examples example 1 creating animals resistant to foot and mouth disease transgenic animals susceptible to foot-and-mouth disease are generated by inserting sirna constructed from viral sequences of foot-and-mouth disease virus ( fmdv ) into germ cells of the animals.
AIM Human osteoblast like cell line TE85 was used to examine the effects of 1,25(OH) 2D 3 and 1,25(OH) 2D 3 with E 2. METHODS3H thymidine incorporation method was used for cell proliferation assay and 3H proline incorporation for collagen synthesis assay.
Results In the learning ability test,the latency of rats in the low intensity group was less than that of rats in the control group,medium intensity group and high intensity group;the latency of rats in the medium intensity group and high intensity group was less than that of rats in the control group.
Correlation between upper airway surgery and continuous positive airway pressure titration in severe obstructive sleep apnea hypopnea syndrom
Effect of exercise on chronic stress-induced abnormal behaviors and neuroendocrine function in elderly depression-like rats
A Chinese medicine in the form of decoction for treating the qi deficiency type hepatocirrhosis ascites is prepared from 7 Chinese-medicinal materials including papaya, motherwort, pilose asiabell root, tuckahoe, etc.
It can protect kidney independent of its antihypertensive effect and can delay the development of atherosclerosis.
Results The activation of NF- κB could be detected in lung tissue in very low values in normal control group.In the CLP group and Yantiaofang pretreated group,the activation of NF- κB enhanced at 2h and peaked at 8h.Compared with the CLP group,the activation of NF- κB in Yantiaofang pretreated group attenuated obviously,especially at 2 and 8h.
A Study of Emergency Treatment of Snakebites
the Ar moiety optionally may independently be substitute with up to two C1 -C3 alkyl groups, or up to two halogen atom, where halogen is selected from F, Cl, Br, and I.
Determination of the Amino Acids Digestibility of Wheat and Rice Meal in Pigs with Ileo-rectal Anastomosis
Objective:To discuss the clinical characteristics of T2DM with renal damage,summary the areas where we should make progress and pay attention to,in order to provide a reference for clinical treatment.
Methods:Seventy hypertensive patients were enrolled, including 27 patients with hypertension grade 1(HT1 group),31 patients with hypertension grade 2(HT2 group) and 12 patients with hypertension grade 3(HT3 group).
A Brief View on the Structure and Function Study of the Neuronal GP-anchored Proteins
OBJECTIVE: This study is to assess the efficacy and safety of econazole nitrate 1%-triamcinolone acetonide 1% cream.
influence of thrombospondin-1 on that growth and adhesion of human hepatoma carcinoma cell line HCCLM3
“8”Shape Suture Fixation in Treatment of Avulsion Fracture of Tibial Insertion of Anterior Cruciate Ligament Under Arthroscopy
Study on recovery of starch from cassava starch wastewater using aqueous enzymatic method
Figure 2 reveals that the amount of calcium found in the implanted tissues essentially correlates with the levels of aldehydes/acids from the three tissue treatments.
The Influencing Factors of Cell Adhesion and Bone Tissue Engineering
The primary structure of EPS has been investigated by the thin layer ghromatography (TLC), gas chromatography (GC), infra-red spectrometry (IR), nuclear magnetic resonance spectrometry (NMR), gas chromatography-mass spectrometry (GC/MS), periodate oxidation and Smith degradation
2-methoxy-5-p-methyl-beta- sulfuric ester ethyl sulfonyl aniline and preparation method thereof
Conclusion:Flexible management strategies can be applied to diverse weeks of gestation in patients with PPROM. Rational delay of the expectant management seems beneficial to a certain extent to the pregnancy outcomes.
Changes of relationship between oxygen delivery and oxygen consumption in rats during septic shock/
an agar plate is a microbiological culture medium that contains at least one source of nutrients such as, for example, gram positive bacteria, gram negative bacteria, yeast or fungi.
first preparing agrobacterium tumefaciens bacterial solution, next preparing explant, thirdly laying the explant into the agrobacterium tumefaciens bacterial solution for breeding and conversion, fourthly checking resistance of herbicide, and fifthly checking PCR molecule;
Participants may obtain services accessed through the Medicare or Medicaid Fee-for-Service program, including Medicare and Medicaid hospice services; out-of network family planning services; directly observed therapy for tuberculosis; and methadone maintenance treatment
Effects of ATRA on Intimal Proliferation on the Path Way of MAPK、PKCα and C-fos in Injured Carotid Artery in Rabbits
Research progress on the trifluoromethylation reaction of aryl halides
Surgical treatment of V pattern exotropia
Research on hyaluronidase extraction from bovine testicular
good clinical effect was achieved
Result Comparing the total effective rate of group A to that of group B and group C,the differences were statistically insignificant(P>0.05);while in comparing the recovery and markedly effective rates,the differences were statistically significant(P <0.05).
Also disclosed are methods for resolving enantiomers. The final products can be coupled to activated carboxylic acids, to yield peptides having a prolineboronic acid ester, instead of an amino acid, at the C-terminus.
the posterior procedure include in-situ fusion, posterior lateral instrumented fusion, transforaminal lumbar interbody fusion (" TLIF") and posterior lumbar interbody fusion (" PLIF
Mental symptoms and disorder of limb's activity occurred in 1 rabbit in the experimental group at 2 weeks after immunization.
FIG. 2 shows results of adsorption tests of ICG and the isomerization equilibrium compound (TK1) represented by the chemical formula 19 or 20 to a cellulose fiber.
These include:(1)clarifying and simplifying the definition of obsessions and compulsions(criterion a);(2)possibly deleting the requirement that people recognize that their obsessions or compulsions are excessive or unreasonable(criterion B);(3)rethinking the clinical significance criterion(criterion C)and,in the interim,possibly adjusting what is considered "time-consuming"for OCD;(4)listing additional disorders to help with the differential diagnosis(criterion D);(5)rethinking the medical exclusion criterion(criterion E)and clarifying what is meant by a "general medical condition";(6)revising the specifiers(i.e.,clarifying that OCD can involve a range of insight,in addition to "poor insight,"and adding "tic-related OCD");and(7)highlighting in the DSM-V text important clinical features of OCD that are not currently mentioned in the criteria(e.g.,the major symptom dimensions).
There are mainly three types of disputes caused by vaccination: vaccine quality disputes,wrongful vaccinating disputes and adverse reaction disputes.
During apt. 1986 to Dec. 1988. the axial flap methodwas used for the treatment of the congenital blakker exstro-phy. The preliminary is reported in this paper. This group in-cluded 10 patients, 4 men and 6 women, and their agesranged from 4 to 20. Seven patients had experienced 1-3 op-erations with failure to repair the exstrophy or to urinarycontinence before admission to our hospetal. Using the axialflap method only 1 in 10 cases can not control the urinationwell, the others achive well ...
spray dry that aqueous solution containing the uronic acid oligosaccharide, fat, protein and carbohydrate yield a composition that can be suitably used for nutritional purposes
PKCa、βⅡ、γandλwere ligated into the eukaryotic expression vector pcDNA3.1,and were transfected into the HEK293 cell line.The identity of PKCs was confirmed by anti-HA Western blot analysis.
Resveratrol and proanthocyanidins, at the dose of 5 and 50 mg/kg (i.p.) , significantly inhibited the DNA damage induced by potassium dichromate (20 mg/kg, i.p.)
include rape, mutilation, forced pregnancy, sexual slavery and for prostitution.
study on 31 P NMR spectrum of erythrocyte in patient with MDS
Liver retractor assembly of peritoneoscope
Studies on Separating Trivalent Actinides from Lanthanides by Dialkyldithiophosphinic Acid Extraction
So, it is important to select suitable population to performing molecular marker analysis and gene mapping
Conclusion Nephrotic syndrome complicated with PCP has typical symptoms and imaging findings.The possibility of PCP should be considered when the progressive hypoxemia is presented in patients with NS who are treated with immunosuppressive drugs.
2-methylimidazole and isobutyl chloride are subjected to substitution reaction in the presence of solvent and an acid-binding agent to obtain the 1-isobutyl-2-methylimidazole,
RESULS Masson Staining showed that the extracellular collogen elements increase with the course of disease,immunohistochemistry staining showed that the expressions of MMP2,TIMP1,TGF-β1 in middle ear mucosa were obviously increased than that of control group.
Relationship Between Endopeptidase and H_2O_2 During the Aging of Wheat Leaf
The experiment suggests that foreign nucleic acid can improve the growth of mice
Les auteurs ont employé une nouvelle méthode pour le traitement du péricarde bovin par la solution de mixture de glutaraldéhyde et formaldéhyde. Par les déterminations de la temperature de contraction, des propriété mécanique, les études microbiologique et les observations microscopiques électronique et de lumière du péricarde bovin, il est prouvé quc le péricarde bovin traité par cette solution est de trans-liaison stable, stérilisation s(?) re, résistancc forte, éiasticité haute, et les structures du colla
Replacement Wraps for LNOP Newborn Infant / Pediatric Sensors
0 MAC end-expiratory concentration of sevoflurane was reached and maintained for 10 min after aorta declamping and release of vena cava,and in group C without sevoflurane.
Conclusion: By DSA,the arterial regional chemotherapy infusion can be done easily and accurately.
Blood samples were sequentially collected, and plasma TG concentration, free fatty acids concentration, glucose concentration and insulin concentration were measured.
We used the host strain of Lactococcus lactis NZ3900, which is based on the Model strain MG 1363 with nisR and nisK genes integrated in the chromosome.
The root nodules of H. rhamnoides and the upper, middle and lower parts of the nodule, in the four seasons of a.year, were observed under transmission electron microscope. And the findings are that the root nodule endophyte has seven shapes in different parts of the nodule in different seasons: infectious mycelium, reproduceable mycelium, vegetative mycelium, spring sporangium and spring spore, vesicle, winter spore and winter sporangium, and bacteroid-like cell. In the perennial cor
This combination of dyes can be substantially mutually exclusive, in the sense that detection of the permeant dye can be associated with the presence of live cells, and the detection of the cell impermeant dye can be associated with the presence of dead cells.
The time of breathing recovery,eye opening,and extubation were longer in group D compared with group A,group B and group C(P<0.05).The incidences of postoperative restlessness and cough were significanthy lower in group C and group D than those in group A(P<0.05).The incidences of hypotension and bradycardia were higher in group D than those in the other three groups.
a correspondence between coarse quality images is used to improve evidence used for syndrome decoding.
Misdiagnosed as epilepsy occurred in 45. 5% . psychosis in 13. 6% . autonom-ic nervous disturbance in 50%,hysteria in 4. 9%.
Conclusion In order to further improve HIV testing rate among MSM in Nanjing,a set of testing and counseling for MSM,follow-up services and management model is urgently needed.
Objective:To qualitatively and quantitatively analyze nonalcoholic fatty liver disease(NAFLD) by imaging methods(ultrasound and CT) and to investigate the association between the imaging indices and traditional Chinese medicine(TCM) syndrome types of NAFLD.
synthesis of 3-hydroxy-2, 2-dimethylpropionc acid
The brain injury of neonate rabbits was determined by HE staining.
Objective: To study the formula and preparation process of nitrendipine pulsatile capsules controlled by erodible plugs.
STDP(Spike Timing Dependent Plasticity) mechanism of synapses is considered to be one of the most important mechanisms of neural network,and the most effective method of emulated STDP synapse is to establishing the kinetic model of synaptic ion channels.
1?(6? Methoxy? 2? naphthyl) ethanol was synthesized from 2? methoxynaphthalene in total yield of 94% by hydrochloric acid? catalysed bromination with 1,3? dibromo? 5,5? dimethylhydantoin, Friedel? Crafts acetylation and catalytic hydrogenation in a multiphase system.
Pains in the affected upper limb were scored using the Visual Analog Scale(VAS),shoulder joint mobility was measured(ROM measurements),and the simplified Fugl-Meyer Assessment score and the edema score were counted in the patients before and after treatment.
In the method the log-ratio image inputting to SAR image is firstly calculated.
short effect of OT on stroke Patlents' functional rehabilitation of body exercises
the survey of common intestinal helminth infection of preschool children in Hangzhou
The results show that addition of ATP has an inhibitory effect on cell growth:adding 0.4 g/L ATP,OD is 53% lower than control.
4 Billy Fellers, Topical Discussions on Oxygen Behavior, Proceedings:
the protective effect of that application of the low-molecular-weight-heparin to renal function in severe pre-eclampsia patient
The results show that ATOS have significant value for improving the air transportation system safety
RESULTS: Totally 76 cases were involved in the result analysis.
the present invention is directed to a defibrillator that can deliver defibrillating pulses or pacing current waveforms to a patient .
Methods: BY use of the analysis data on internet and the molecular biology softwares, a phylogenetic tree was obtained
However in the two-phase conventional hybridization system, the target molecules must move toward the probes fixed in the solid matrix during hybridization.
the progres in pharmacological research of rchmannia glutnosa polysaccharides ( RPS
Compared with the solvent control group,Tong-nao thrombolysis capsule low,medium and high dose groups had significantly prolonged gasping time after beheaded(P<0.05 or P<0.01).
The 70 enteroviral serotypes cause illness that ranges from nonspecific fevers and rashes to life-threatening myocarditis or central nervous system disease
The application of lightwand intubation in plastic surgery
Computerized Systems Used In Clinical Trials (http://www.fda.gov/ora/compliance_ref/bimo/ffinalcct.htm)
Consequently, the 117mSn complex does not interfere with the bone marrow's ability to fight infection and does not interfere with blood clotting.
This paper reviewed the present situation of transgenic apples from the genotype of transgenic apples receptors,selective marker gene,reporter gene and exogenous gene and so on,moreover,the application of exogenous gene in transgenic apples were mainly discussed.
The invention is particularly includes methods of preventing or treating microbial infections in mammals, including humans, but also encompasses methods of preventing or treating microbial infections in other animals, including fish, birds, reptiles, and amphibians.
Nutritional Status of Vitamin A and Carotenes in Miners and Lung Cancer Patients
study on that synthesis of terpinyl Eth and terpinyl ester catalyzed by zeolite
This, in addition the different cultures and customs the doctors and patients inevitably created some tension
Studies on the Process of the Self-Assembly of Amino Acids Mediated by Phosphorus Chloride by ~(31)P NMR and ESI-MS/MS
Contrast analysis method of Colloidal gold infiltration and rapid ELISA quantitative detection D-Dimer
chou ( us patents 5,941, 821 and 6,049, 728 ) determines the blood glucose by a photoacoustic measurement in which the acoustic pulse is generated by heating the patient 's skin with electromagnetic radiation.
Methods:32 SD rats were divided randomly into four groups:blank control group(6),blank control +AA group(6),spleen deficiency group(10),Spleen deficiency + AA group(10).
The uPAR on the surface of HCC cells was expressed with higher affinity than that in the adjacent liver tissues (0.33±0.18) vs (6.63±2.17), ( P <0.01).
Using IR spectrum, Tyndall effect, electric conductivity, UV - Vis and ESR spectra, the reaction mechanism of catalyst components as studied
XRD and SEM were used to characterize the structures and morphologies of the synthesized samples. The electrochemical performance was tested by cyclic volt-ampere(CV), AC impedance and constant current charge-discharge measurement
The α-glucosidase inhibitory activity of whey from fermented skim milk by 11 strains with milk curding ability which were selected from 14 Lactobacillus casei strains,assayed in vitro enrolling maltase(EC 3. 2. 1. 20) as the targeting enzyme.
Dextrin Any of a class of intermediates produced by the hydrolysis of starch.
Long-term Results and Follow-up of Laparoscopic Nephron Sparing Surgery for Renal Cell Carcinoma
these devices require the use of specific highly birefringent polymers obeying certain mathematical relationships between their molecular configurations and electron density distributions.
Heat-stable enterotoxin of Escherichia coli
study on apoptosis in patient with leukemia and myelodysplastic syndrome
The types of complication included papyraceous lamina injury in 15 cases(0 83%), hemorrhage in 16 cases(0 89%), adhesion in 63 cases(3 5%), transient blindness in 2 cases(0 11
Heptane is most preferred, as it is observed to have the optimum wetting and drying conditions and to allow complete transfer of the nanostructured catalysts to the ICM surface without causing the ICM to swell or distort
Conclusions: Compared with Wedge plan,FIF plan has better Habituation Index and Conformity Index of PTV.In the clinical applications,it can reduce machine’s depreciation;improve work efficiency,so it is worth to promote the use in the clinical work.
The expression of BNP in two groups was detected and analyzed.
Results The total study group was significantly higher efficiency(P<0.05);the incidence of the study group of the adverse reactions was lower than the control group(P<0.05).
Observation of Clinical Efficacy and Safety of Mild and Moderate Primary Hypertension Treated with Cilnidipine
While inclusion of 20 mM histidine to the formulation suppressed NaCI crystallization during cooling, annealing resulted in approximately 40% crystallization of the NaCI.
Transcutaneous stimulation of bone growth
one of the modules is devoted to "gender and sexual and reproductive rights of adolescents and young women".
The symptoms include chest pain , difficulty breathing and coughing.
Methods:Forty-eight Wistar rats were randomly divided into plain group( n = 24)and plateau group( n = 24),then each group was randomly divided into three subgroups( n = 8) by 2,4,6 d time points.
The first three places of Gram-positive cocci were S. saprophyticus(9. 68%),S.epidermidis(6. 45%) and S. aureus(3. 69%).The sensitive drugs to Gram-negative bacilli were ceftazidime,cefepime,aztreonam,imipenem,piperacillin/tazobactam,cefoperazone/sulbactam and amikacin.Gram-positive cocci showed high resistance to benzylpenicillin,erythromycin,clindamycin and azithromycin,and showed sensitivity to other antibiotics.
Application of high-frequency color Doppler flow imaging in pre-operative diagnosis of vitreous hemorrhage
selection with g418 or neomycin can be used to select for cells expressing the neomycin gene product.
Correlation of insulin receptor gene polymorphism with hy-pertension combined with cerebral infarction and its onset
Methods: To build 3-D coordinate system of cervical spine model by SUPER-SAP, we measured the surface nodes of 3-D cervical spine of corpse and divided the cervical spine into 276 units (including 676 nodes) according to the finite division regulation
Objective To explore the application of serum procalcitonin in illness monitoring and prognosis prediction in patients with sepsis.
Results In the penehyclidine hydrochloride group, the curative rates, the incidences of respiratory failure and the average days in hospital were 96.6%, 20.7% and (14.8±3.4) days respectively, while those were found to be 95.2%, 30.6% and (15.6±4.1) days respectively in the atropine group
Clinical Comparison of Primary Liver Cancer with Cholangiocarcinoma
Results:The pathologic stage and grade of the initial MIBC were distributed as follows: 36(83. 7%) patients had pT2 tumors,7(16. 3%) had pT3;4(9. 3%) had G1 tumors,31(72. 1%) had G2,and 8(18. 6%) had G3.
Results: A total of 285 strains of pathogens were isolated with the isolation rate of 41. 6%,which included 174 strains of gram-negative bacteria(61. 05%),110 strains of gram-positive bacteria(38. 60%) and 1 strain of fungi(0. 35%).
Clinical manifestation is complicated,and the specific treatment using must know often for change,weakening in reinforcing and reinforcing in weakening,and mediation in weakening and weakening in mediation,so as to achieve the expected effect.
The overall isothermal crystallization kinetics of unirradiated and irradiated iPP were analyzed by the Avrami equation.The values of Avrami exponent n are close to 3,indicating that iPP nucleates in the heterogeneous manner regardless of the crystallization temperature and the irradiation dose.The DSC data indicated that the overall crystallization rates decrease with the increase of crystallization temperature and radiation dose.
The phlegm can be removed in one minute, the larynx is smooth after that, the disease can never be relapsed after the cure.
the result in FIG. 2 show a fluorescent profile dependent on that initial concentration of hnRNP B1 RNA, whereby 25 copies/test of hnRNP B1 RNA could be detected within 20 minute
A specific protein(16 KD/pI5.0) was found in substitution line, two translocation lines and H.villosa, but not found in the cultivar wheat.These results suggested that the protein(16 KD/pI5.0) may be located in the short arm of V chromosome of H.villosa.
48 hours after model was made, changes of CBF during venous injection of various drugs were observed continuously with Laser-Doppler for 1 hour.
Objective:To screen the differently expressed gene in peripheral blood white blood cells of patients with aortic dissection by gene expression profile chip,and verify the marker gene of aortic dissection lung injury by fluorescent quantitative PCR.
SARS coronavirus papain-like protease(PLpro) is responsible for the proteolytic processing of pp1a(1ab) amino terminus to release nsp1,nsp2 and nsp3,and plays an important regulatory role in the assembling of SARS coronavirus replicase complex and the escape from host innate immunity.
They contain a selection marker gene and a linker or polylinker, which are framed by the right and left T-DNA border region.
Methods The levels of CK, ATP, ADP, AMP and Glucose in brain was observed in Ola mice and 6J mice treated with ACR by enzyme analytical method
Study arsenic trioxide (As_2O_3) induced the apoptosis of squamous cell carcinoma
the AIDS patients found in the United States in the beginning of 1970 s were male homosexuals in the main.
Results Among 200 strains of gram negative bacilli from ICUs in the period of July 1995 October 1996, 59(29.5%) Pseudomonas aeruginosa, 38(19%) Klebsiella pneumoniae, 29(14.5%) Escherichia coli and Acinetobacter, and 15(7.5%) Enterobacter cloacae were detected
Study on the Preparation of Doped PbO_2/Ti and Its Property
dihalo amino triazine
Methods 26 patients with parathyroid pathological changes were analysed retrospectively.22 cases were parathyroid adenoma,two cases were parathyroid cyst,one case was parathyroid hyperplasia,another one was parathyroid cancer.All cases were confirmed with surgery and pathology.
Method for preparing magnetic molecule mark polymer for detecting PDE-5 inhibitor
Impact of Glucose 6-Phosphate Dehydrogenase Activity Deficiency of Bank Blood on Therapeutic Efficacy of Exchange Transfusion in Neonatal Hyperbilirubinemia
compositions and method for prevention or treatment of cancer and bone loss associated with cancer
Conclusion:Orthognathic surgery can affect the bite force and masticatory efficiency of the patients in a short period of time.
Primary malignant fibrous histiocytoma of heart:two cases report and review of literature
if all that mRNA is from the A variant then the patient will be less likely to engage in suicidal behavior dure treatment ( risk category I
Results: There was significant difference in the mild intestinal metaplasia in patients of the eradication group after 12~36 months and 36~70 months compared with those of non-eradication group(P < 0. 05 or P < 0. 01).
Results Treatment with As 2O 3 of ≥2 5μmol/L and genistein of 5mg/L for two days could inhibit the cell proliferation and induce the apoptotic morphology and DNA fragmentation of K562 cells. Both of them showed synergic phenomenon.
The method of claim 1, wherein the anti-CD20 antibody is GA101
Substance transportation between inside and outside of a cell is carried out through transmembrane proteins
the Doppler effect allow that frequencies of the receive signals and the transmitted signals to produce the deviation, which are reflect on the parameter of the Doppler frequency shift Omega D, the Doppler frequency shift compensation is to remove the Doppler frequency shift
Selective hydrolysis afforded ethyl ester concentrates of up to 25% EPA and 17% DHA after separation of the hydrolysed fatty acids.
Treatment of senile distal femoral fractures with less invasive stabilization system
Objective:Comparing the efficacy of the Sancai acupuncture with the conventional acupuncture in the treatment of sciatica,to study the role and treatment of specific pain mechanism and evaluate its effect,revealing the Sancai acupuncture treatment of sciatica action principle.
Stenosis of the Inferior Vena Cava Caused by Tumor Thrombus:Treatment with Large Laser-Cut Nitinol Stents
For example, one may incorporate various inflammatory mediators onto the T4 bacteriophage platform that amplify the immune response.
The microbial activity in sediment microbial fuel cell(SMFC) is heavily influenced by anodic pH value,and the reductive reaction of electrons,protons and oxygen is affected by cathodic pH value.
The seeding quantity of seedling at low level was associated with well vigor seedlings and after transplantation the yielding got higher and seeding quantity of seedlings at high level the yielding was low after transplantation At present the paddy rice production with transplanting by hand, the seeding quantity in field nursery should be kept less than 220g/m~2.3. The amount of seeding in field nursery by machine had obvious impacts on the growth vigor of seedlings
Based on theoretical learning and handling instruments operation,the students use quick adhesive,onion epidermis and yeast cells to make simple specimen by themselves,adjust the microscope to obtain perfect images;use a CCD camera and a personal computer to collect and save images acquired as materials of experiment report.It is an attempt to develop interdisciplinary,research-oriented and opening experiment teaching.
In the 12 patients treated by transcatheter embolization,10 cases were definite hemorrhage,and 2 were abnormal vascular,and the complete hemostasis rate was 96. 30%.Vasopressin infusion was done in 7 patients,and the complete hemostasis rate was 85. 71%.
110 cases of AML .
in certain embodiment, a nucleic acid normalizer control is use to normalize a target analyte.
Analysis of primary drug resistance of Mycobacterium tuberculosis in Shanghai Putuo district from 1996 to 2003 year
B , Plasma ss - globin DNA concentrations ( genome - equivalents / ml ) as determined by real - time quantitative PCR are plotted on the Y axis ( common logarithmic scale ) .
"Depending on the type, extent, and site of the burn, it may be left exposed, covered with a bandage, or excised to remove dead tissue in preparation for skin grafts."
Change of amplitude of T wave after percutaneous coronary intervention
Kraft Pulping of Bagasse with Xylanase and Ligninolytic Enzymes Pretreatment
This paper puts forward the fundamental framework of lump syndrome theory in Chinese medicine.
Conclusions The hospice care is more proper to be applied to the nursing of senior patients with chronic non-infectious diseases.
SPERMINE IMMUNOCYTOCHEMICAL STUDY OF LEUKEMIC CELLS
The Relationship between the Structrue of the Core-shell Particles and the Properties of Poly(n-butyl acrylate) Core shell Structured Latex Particles Toughened Poly(vinyl chloride)
Early changes in serum cytokines in rats with acute necrotizing pancreatitis and the effects of immunological intervention
Changes in Hippocampus Morphology,Cognitive Function and Coping Style Induced by Chronic Military Stress
Conclusions: This method is of high sensitivity,accuracy and can be successfully applied to the pharmacokinetic study of active components of Banxia Xiexin decoction.
Other cardiac markers, low molecular weight cardiac proteins (LMWCP) may be used as cardiac markers.
Conclusion:During the development of human fetus, the proliferation and apoptosis of cells in testis express in different level, which indicate that proliferation and apoptosis play an important role in development process of testis
Understanding of perioperative nursing care of renipuncture guided by ultrasound
Objective:To investigate the value of predicting testicular viability following unilateal testicular torsion by color-Doppler ultrasound(Cdu).
clinical test and use shows that the yolk antibody, when used in preventing and treating gosling plague of green goose, has high preventing and treating effect, long effective period, low cost and no risk of propagating diseases vertically of homological antibody.
Methods The imaging findings of surgery and pathobiology proved intracranial neuronal and mixed neuronal-glial tumours in 14 cases (7 male and 7 female, ranging in age from 6-56 years; mean age 33.8 years) were retrospectively analyzed
Clinical Analysis of 48 Underage Patients with Systemic Lupus Erythematosus
summary of the Invention A system and method for screening , detecting and managing patients with coronary heart disease ( CHD ) is provided .
EFFECT OF PERIODONTICS TREATMENT ON ERADICATION OF HELICOBACTER PYLORI INFECTION IN GASTRIC MUCOSA
As the zygote travels through the oviduct toward the uterus, it divides rapidly.
Endoscopic Submucosal Excavation for Submucosal Tumor of Gastric in 65 Patients
The adsorption ability of chitosan as an adsorbent for Mn 2+, Fe 2+, Cu 2+, Zn 2+ in aqueous solution was studied and the chelating capability of chitosan is shown using parameters such as absorbency, adsorption capacity, and solution pH. The selectivity for adsorbing metalions is Cu +2 >Zn 2+ >Fe +2 >Mn +2 .The research is of great significance for wastewater treatment
Human Heat Shock Protein 70 Gene: Cloning, Prokaryotic Expression, Purification and Characterization
viral attachment proteins ,
Conclusion: When the human serum albumin(HSA) was glycosylated,the affinity of gadoxetic acid two sodium(1) and MS-325(2) relative to the protein is slightly decreased,but the decrease is less enough to ignore.
ACTIVE OXYGEN METABOLISM IN SOYBEAN DURING GERMINATION
OBJECTIVE To observe the tissue distribution of the drug conjugated of epirubicin and Vk3.
HBsAg antigen specific sIgA titers in nasal and vaginal lavages of C57BL6 mice immunized three times with HBsAg+GEM (i.n.) or VaxPro (i.m.).
Objective To explore the incidence and the influence of blood loss during operation on postoperative memory disorders.
immunohistochemical study on expression of p185 and p16 protein in benign and malignant breast tissues
Theeffects of fructose,glucose and sucrose,though all supported growth of HB1017,on growth were apparently different.
The practice of obtaining, saving, editing, indexing and sharing the image information forms new intension for the establishment of clinical pathology in hospital
Ring C is selected from a phenyl, pyridinyl, pyrimidinyl, pyridazinyl, pyrazinyl, or 1,2,4-triazinyl ring, wherein Ring C has one or two ortho substituents independently selected from -R1;
4cases with hy-perthyroidism had not thyroid crisis and parathyroid injury after operation
Four weeks after surgery,the rats of Sham group and OVX group were intra-gastric administrated with distilled water,while the rats of the E2 group received estradiol valerate(0. 8mg/kg.
③ the pathological changes of pulomonary microvasculature of rat lung reperfusion such as narrow vascular vessel and swelling of endothelium were less severe in EDS group than in injury group and similar in EDS group to HCS group.
Conclusions: There were high specific in the test of ciguatoxin.
Defining these mechanisms should lead to methods to further enhance NIS expression,as well as retinoid targets that influence growth and differentiation of breast cancer.
Analysis on technical indicators of elimination of iodine deficiency disorders
These is a linear relationship between chemiluminescence and Os (Ⅷ) concentration in the range of 3. 3 × 10-13g/ml to 1. 3 × 10-9g/ml
Objective To study the effects of local monocyte chemoattractant protein 1 (MCP 1) on the biological behavior of bladder cancer.
Methods The HPLC fingerprints of ten batches of samples were obtained using ZORBAX Bonus-RP(4.6×250mm, 5μm) column with a mix of acetonitrile and water with 0.01%TFA as mobile phase in a gradient mode, the detection wavelength was 254nm and the temperat
the amino acid constituent of lmp reveals that one of that medicinal value of lmp depend on its harmonious amino acid constituents good to one"" s organism.
show lactose fermentability
Conclusions The plasma levels of Hcy and CRP combined with ABI are related to the severity of peripheral artery lesions,which has the important guiding value to evaluate the clinical condition.
in one container you have a proton donor-based gel and in the other a non proton donor-based gel, comprising the nitric oxide eluting polymer.
A comparative study of substance P in patients with primary trigeminal neuralgia before and after gamma knife radiosurgery
Afterwards the hearts were subjected to 40-min zero coronary flow followed by 40 min of reperfusion.
Dynamic Prospective Study on the Prognosis of the Neonatal Hypoxic ischemic Encephalopathy
In this paper, the HBV as the target gene in different annealing temperature was replicated, and the enthalpy was studied via DSC, the experiment results show: the denaturation phase of the reaction was endothermic process, and the annealing and extension phase were heat emission process, each circulation presents a exothermic effect; simultaneously high annealing temperature caused platform moving ahead and enthalpy reduction, and be best in 53
o. treatment with GIT27 suppressed clinical development of diabetes that is induced in CBA/H mice by multiple low doses of streptozotocin.
According to the preparation method, the honeysuckle, mentha haplocalyx and tea polyphenol are mixed with the Sanhua plums and treated by sugar infusion together; the chlorogenic acid and menthol bring the effect of clearing and nourishing the throat to the preserved fruit, and on the other hand, the tea polyphenol is added, so that the amount of the used cane sugar and preservative can be reduced; and the preparation can reach 95% of yield.
is an external paste use for treating symptom such as cervical spondylosis, rhachitis, scapulohumeral periarthritis, external humeral epicondylitis, prolapse of lumbar intervertebral disc, lumbar muscle degeneration, femoral head necrosis, hyperosteogeny, ischioneuralgia, postpartum rheumatism, allergic rhinitis, acute and chronic aryngitis, amygdalitis, stomatitis and that like is prepared by multiple medicaments;
Risk factors and central threshold visual field damage in 500 cases with glaucoma
Clinical Research on GU-BEN-HUA-ZHUO TANG in Treating Primary Asymptomatic Hyperuricemia
the finding of the selectivity and specificity of the immune reaction opens up doors to an important series of teachings of this patent .
Clinical application and prospect of partial embolization of the spleen
This simulation demonstrated that the treatment of simple decompression for lumbar spine with complex LSS can release the pain,but may result in unstability and accelerate the degeneration.
Ribostamycin \A broad-spectrum antimicrobial isolated from Streptomyces ribosifidicus.
Phacoemulsification with foldable posterior chamber intraocular lens implantation for acute angle-closure glaucoma in 22 cases
Donath-Landsteiner antibody
Cases were mostly persons aged between 5 and 59,who were the aim-group of the prevention and control.
Clinical study on stroke volume of normal left ventricular by real-time three-plane echocardiography
Methods: We retrospectively analysed and compared two groups diagnosed as primary peripheral lung carcinoma, which is subaxillary small incision thoracotomy (34 cases, group A) and standard posterolateral thoracotomy (36 cases,group B) respectively.
Western blot analysis with antibody against LL-37 confirmed antigenic similarity of RK-31 and KS-30 to parent LL-37 (FIG. 13c).
When the tumor diameter was 7 mm, 100 mg/kg CP I. P. administration and 75 mGy X-rays whole they irradiation (WBI) weregiven. The cytotoxic activities of splenic natural killer (NK) and lymphoiine activated killer (LAK) cells as wellas specific cytotoxic T lymphocyte (CTL) were detected by method of 3H-TdR release assay
Clinical significance of changes in cytokine levels in patients with severe abdominal infection
Objective To evaluate the clinical value of high-frequency ultrasound in diagnosis and differential diagnosis of breast diseases.
Esterified phenolic compounds of G. elata had a significant protective effect on cerebral ischemia-reperfusion injury.
Possible candidates are type I and II Ig-Nrg1 that are expressed by the PNS neurons and later released from the axonal membrane by proteolytic cleavage.
With sequential generation, then circulatory and alternative culture, Penicillium sp. MAFIC-6 was obtained since it is stable and high production
The results showed that deodorization strains in 24 hours could remove ordorous coming from rubbish effectively.
spine vein moxibustion patch
study on clinical nurse of Large-dose radiotherapy before Eesophageal carcinoma
this enables children to understand the outcome and use of their contributions.
This paper aims to determine 2,4-Dinitrotoluene in textiles by gas chromatography-mass spectrometry.
Objective:To develop HPLC method for the determination of cerivastatin and its related substances in cerivastatin sodium tablets
Effects of Thymopoietin on the Immune System in Mice Model of Myasthenia Gravis
Curative effect observation on 180 cases of Kang Fu Yan capsules combined with metronidazole vaginal effervescent tablets in the treatment of bacterial vaginosis
Thus the STP system eliminates the need for a vessel to make the adjustments between column 2 and the virus filter in an antibody purification system.
the acid value of that partial ester ( have an acid value of less than 2 mgKOH ) which is provided in step ( 1 ) above, is increase to a value in the desired range ( of from 2 to 20 mgKOH ), to thereby obtain the desired partial ester ( i. e., the partial ester ( B ) ).
AIM: To investigate the effect of treatment based on syndrome differentiation only and combined with Shexiang Baoxin Pill for acute ischemic stroke(AIS
(b) the acute toxicity estimate (ate) for a substance in a mixture is derived using:
The ST/HR slope in three-vessel CAD was significantly higher than that in 1-2-vessel CAD (P=0.0001).
Analysis and Countermeasure Research in the Information Asymmetry between Doctor and Patient
the animal experiment show that that extractive can strengthen or improve the learning and memory function to normal mice and various model animals with damaged memory
Results The eyes were divided into two groups based on the MD value. Advanced glaucoma group:MD≥15dB
Application of Model Method in Neural Stem Cells Research
Several monoclonal antibodies (Me Abs) against carcinoembryonic antigens(CEA) were produced in our laboratory in 1985. In present report, other 7 CEA-McAbs, designated FBl2,DAl,FD6,D3,TE7,FD4 and TClO have been obtained with our hybridoma technique.
Only 14 patients occur hypoacusis (0.73%); 7 patients occur hepatic or renal function disorders (0.37%).
The Evaluation of Spiral CT in Diagnosis of Aortic Dissection
Objective To observe the efficacy and safety of olanzapine combined with fluoxetine in the treatment of negative symptoms in schizophrenic patients.
the surfactant composition 16 is subject to conditions in that first disper apparatus 20 that initiate at least partial adsorption of the surfactant molecules onto a surface of the bioactive component 12
the agitator of microorganism carry of that present invention prevents the clog induce from the growth of microorganism, the increase of pressure loss thereby and the decrease of removing capacity of malodorous substance and volatile organic compounds by desorb the biofilm.
The population dynamics of the melon aphid in plastic greenhouses accorded with exponential growth, the equation being N t=0.1745e 0.7414t (r=0.9676
Effects of Ag85A DNA Mycobacterium Vaccine on Immune Functions in Bladder Tumor-Bearing Mice Cells
22. 06%(60/272) patients had all kinds of diabetes complications.
Construction of eukaryotic expressing vector of human cbl gene and its expression
patients achieved complete remission (CR), including 9 of 10 (90.9%) patients with de novo AML, 3 of 4 (75
Clinical Analysis of Totally Transumbilical Single Incision Laparoscopic Cholecystectomy in 30 Patients
In multiple myeloma(MM) pathogenesis, IL-6 has been identified as an essential growth and survival factor
The present invention provides methods for decreasing blood glucose levels in a subject.
the other trac, usually an ester such as ethyl acetate ( hereinafter " partitioning ester "), is hydrolyse during that shut-in to form an alcohol which does not partition between the oil and water phase
and physiologically acceptable salts thereof, and exposing the nucleic acid to light at a frequency to induce fluorescence of the compound.
MSCTP can display the anatomy and variation of the target vessel accurately, especially the relationship between the target vessel and adjacent tissue from multiple point of view, which is of great clinical value.
Changes of neutrophils, alveolar macrophages and oxygen free radicals in posttraumatic lung injury
10 . the composition of claim 1 wherein the hydrolyzed jojoba ester is one of plant origin ( Simmondsia chinensis ) --having a saponification value according to AOCS Cd 3-25 * of max. lmg KOH / g , a iodine value according to AOCS Cd ld-92 * of between 14 and 17g / 100g and a trans isomer value according to AOCS Cd 14-95 * of max . 0 . 1 by weight wherein * means a test procedure according to American Oil Chemists Society .
if the organic hydroperoxide was cumene hydroperoxide, the 2-phenyl propan-2-ol obtained can be hydrogenated into cumene again.
Results:Identical rates of diagnosis: before operation hysterosalpingography (HSG) 52.17
the result show that firefly luciferase is attached to both bare and hydrophobin coat wells ( a-helix state and ( 3-sheet state
synthesis of sulphurize Oxymolybdenum Dialkylthiophosphate
The complete immunization rate of hepatitis B vaccine in children was 97. 0%,and the immunization rate of hepatitis B immune globulin was 83. 3%.
Therapy for macular epiretinal membrane formation in the early stage after retinal detachment surgery
The Evaluation of Procedure for Prolapse and Hemorrhoid (PPH) for Severe Hemorrhoids
Specific alleles of the nucleus-encoded mtDNA polymerase also are associated with male infertility
Results 144 patients with lower gastrointestinal hemorrhage were confirmed by endoscopy and athomorphology and selective arteriography. The incidence of inflammatory bowel disease, diverticulum, polyp, carcinoma of colon vascular pathological changes and other lesions were 33.3%, 18.0%, 16.5%, 14.6%, 11.1% and 6.2% respectively
Sera were obtained and incubated with 3T_3-L_1 adipocytes for 48
Ultrasonic Diagnosis of Posterior Vitreous Detachment
In the meantime, transient fever in a few patients and local swelling in the injected sites were noted. No other form of organ toxicity was found.
So the environment safety of Gene vaccine was validated, the viral DNA of Gene vaccine was not detected in breed environment, was not polluted environment. The physical chemistry characteristics of the Gene vaccine were researched by observing the change after being deal with heat, HCL, NaOH, ether, chloroform and parenzyme, respectively. The Gene vaccine was sensitive for heat, chloroform, and parenzyme, but it was insensitive for pH and ether
Fermentation time shortened to for 48 hours compared to that of Trichoderma virid.
the R6, R7 and R8 symbols, which may be identical or different, are each hydrogen or a monovalent hydrocarbon radical selected from among a linear, branched or cyclic alkyl radical having from 1 to 20 carbon atoms and a linear, branched or cyclic alkoxyalkyl radical having from 1 to 20 carbon atoms;
Puberty onset of animals is a complex biological process,the increase in pulsatile release of gonadotrophin releasing hormone(GnRH) from the hypothalamus is the determined event.
in this invention, that radiation curable composition may contain cationically curable component, cationic photoinitiators, radically curable component, radical photoinitiators and additional components like for example hydroxy functional components, filler, and additives.
The sensitivity of the combination of the two detections was 92.7%, the specificity was 100% and the accuracy was 96.3
The result comparison that considered the viscosity of blood with another result shows the viscosity of blood that influences the pulse wave propagation can not be neglected. The speed of propagation augments with the accretion of the elastic modulus.
Conclusion: The MPLC method has the advantages of simpleness and effectiveness for the separation of senkyunolide A and Z-ligustilide from Chuanxiong Rhizoma.
ObjectiveTo investigate the distribution of human papilloma virus(HPV) and its significance for the prevention and control of cervical cancer.
Results All cases finished chemoradiotherapy without any serious complications.
Two cases with hepatic artery stricture received balloon angioplasty and stent placement, with an incidence of 5.00%(2/40). One case with hepatic right artery stricture without treatment because of collateral circulation were formed
The utilization of information managing system in holistic nursing
Effects of PI3K pathway on multicellular resistance of lung adenocarcinoma A549 cells via affecting cell apoptosis
Studies on Adjuvant Acivity of Solanum Lyratum Sponin Fractions
topic manifestations of 48 cases with frequently recurrent primary nephrotic syndrome wereobserved,and,serum lgE as well as blcod eosinocyte count was tested in 20 cases of the patients,TheresuIts showed that there was a higher frequency(47.9%)of frequently recurrent atopic symptomsin the patients. Both leveis of sertum IgE and blood eosinocyte count were significantly higher thanthose of other nephrotic cases. It suggested that the pathogenetic mechanism of some frequently re-lapsing nephrotic syndromes sh...
in which nipple are depressed into a surface of breast, and which is cause by immaturity and agenesis of mammary gland and lactiferous duct for secreting milk
Preparation and Anti-Infective Activity of Houttuynia cordata Topical Cream
Treatment of intractable candidal vaginitis
the serum IGF-1 level of BDR (159.468±28.961) is higher than NDR (139.122±21.144);
The title product was prepared using waterglass and sulphuric acid as raw materials and two-step precipicated process,the surface of which was modified by polydimethylsiloxane.The influences of concentration of sodium silicate,reaction temperature,titration ending pH value,polydimethylsiloxane dosage on the BET surface area and pore volume of SiO2 were investigated.The results show that high dispersibility of SiO2 flatting agent is prepared and its pore volume reaches 1.8 mL/g.;
introduce that total saponins extract solution into aluminum oxide or decolorize resin column or decolorizing with active carbon, recovering ethanol from the decolorized total saponin extractive solution under reduced pressure, concentrating, and drying to obtain asperosaponin Ⅵ crude product; preparing into solution with water or water-containing lower alcohol solution, further purifying with column chromatography or purifying and refining with polar solvent by fractional extraction to obtain asperosaponin
in which A represent that result obtained by the addition of 0 ppm of D-serine,
Also provided in accordance with the invention is a process for manufacturing cigarette filter tow comprising providing a solution comprising a blend of cellulose and cellulose acetate in an ionic liquid or in NMMO, and spinning or casting the blend into a protic solvent to generate fibres or films, and converting the fibres or films into cigarette filter tow
Rats in control group and model group(n=6) were sacrificed to observe its pathological condition dynamically after treatment for three weeks and six weeks.
Quality of life in epilepsy
Study on Crystal Morphology and Phase Diagram of Monomehypo
Activity Regulation of AMP-activated Protein Kinase
Results When treated with Genistein of certain concentration for certain time,SACC-83 cell growth was significantly inhibited. With the increase of concentration and elongation of acting time,the inhibitory effects increase.
As a good physical therapy,Tuina could produce active effects in the pathway.
Western blotting demonstrated that the plc mutant did not produce alpha toxin protein anymore.
Four-month-old babies can discriminate between different languages merely by studying the facial movements of the speaker, according to a pioneering study of speech development in infants.
A comparative study of motor conduction velocity and F-wave parameters between diabetes mellitus and healthy subjects
Alteration of survivin gene expression in ovarian cancer cell line CAOV3 after chemotherapy in vitro
Activity changes of phenoloxidase in haemolymph of Helicoverpa armigera parasitized by Ovomermis sinensis and its purification
Clinical distinguishing features in cirrhosis patients with positive antinuclear antibody.
Cloning of plant drought-tolerant gene HDCS1 and construction of its expression vector
The Crowd Distribution of Maternal Postpartum Depression in Qinghai Plateau
We determined the effect of thyroid function on serum erythrocytopeiesis( EPO) with radio-immunity method in 63 patients with thyroid disorders acording to the level of thyroid hormone. We divided the patients into hyperthyroid group(group Ⅰ).
The occurrence of diabetes in the different experimental groups is plotted (see FIG. 15) using the Kaplan-Meier method, i.e. non parametric cumulative survival plot.
The left kidney is larger than the right one.
Study on Renal Ischemia-Reperfusion Injury and the Protective Effect of Danshen
stable mol configuration during acid coagulation
According to the characteristics of ultrasound images,the vast majority contusions were choose non-surgical treatment,most of hematoma,parenchymal damage were choose surgery,while rupture in patients choose surgery.
The Role of Simvastatin, Probucol and Captopril on the Regression of Atherosclerotic Plaque and the Possible Mechanisms Related to Matrix Metalloproteinase-1 and Tissue Inhibitor of Metalloproteinase-1
ULTRASONIC METHOD FOR ALKOXY(ARYLOXY)PROPIONITRILE SYNTHESIS
An electroless gold plating bath includes a water-soluble gold compound, a complexing agent, a formaldehyde metabisulfite adduct, and an amine compound represented by R1-NH-C2H4-NH-R2 or (CH2-NH-C2H4-NH-CH2)n-R4 (wherein R1 to R4 represent -OH, -CH3, -CH2OH, -C2H4OH, -CH2N(CH3)2, -CH2NH(CH2OH), -CH2NH(C2H4OH), -C2H4NH(CH2OH), -C2H4NH(C2H4OH), -CH2N(CH2OH)2, -CH2N(C2H4OH)2, -C2H4N(CH2OH)2 or -C2H4N(C2H4OH)2, and n is an integer of 1 to 4).
Ovarian Hyperstimulation Syndrome; Calcium Gluconate; Nursing Care; Infusions, Intravenous; Patients; Instillation, Drug; Psychological Nursing
the residual product after alkyl ester separation showed no signs of glycerol by gas chromatography testing.
absolute configurations were determined by single crystal X-Ray diffraction studies .
Experimental Study on the Protective Mechanism of Gui Qi Mixture on the Kidney of Diabetic Rats
The present invention relates to a novel chemokine-like protein of type CC, a DNA encoding said protein, a vector comprising said DNA, and a transformant containing said vector.
Relationship between Serum Hyaluronic Acid、Apoptosis、Regulating Gene Expression and Liver Function in Rat Liver Cirrhosis and after Hepatectomy
Study of the Functions of T Helper Cell Subsets and the Levels of Transforming Growth Factor-β_1 in Children with Schonlein-Henoch Purpura in Acute Phase
possible degradation pathway of aniline by O3 is obtained on basis of the experimental results
The linearity rage was 0-18mmol/L,the normal value range were from 0. 05 to 1. 8 mmol/L in male,and from 0. 04 to 1. 7 mmol/L in female,the reclaimed rate was from 93% to 103 %,the precision were coefficient of variation CV=2. 6%-4. 2 % and CV=3. 1%-4. 8 %(n=20),which had better associativity(γ=0. 982) compared with GPO-PAP method.
Ultrastructural Affect of Compound Viruses Infection to Soybean Leaf Cells
A Study on HAV Nucleotide variation
In this paper, the surfaces of amorphous silicon (a-Si), hydrogented amorphous silicon(a-Si:H),and crystalline silicon(c-Si)have been studied by x-ray photoelectron spectroscopy method.
METHODS Gas chromatography mass spectrum(GC MS) was employed to detect the concentration of 3 MCPD in the blood after ig.
Bacteria in settled water died with increase of electric, magnetic and ultrasonic disposal time.Initial stages, the sum of bacteria decreased rapidly, and then to slowly.When disposal time reached 88h, the sum of residual bacteria was 0. 07×106 per milliliter, disinfection rate was up to
Evaluation of potential harmful effects of water in N city on mice in vivo
Multidimensional prognostic indices for use in COPD patient care. A systematic review.
Conclusion: Adjuvant therapy using mNGF in patients with severe viral encephalitis may help improving symptoms and shortening the course.
In the mouse with adjuvant arthritis (AA) and mouse with adjuvant arthritis with deficiency in the kidney (DK-AA), it was confirmed that this medicinal decreased the blood rheology indexes, increased the weight of mouse and their organs' weight, inhibited the turgenscence of the feet, increased the content of trace elements in blood, decreased the content of Interleukin-lp (IL-1) and tumor necrosis factor (TNF-a) in the joint fluid
Methods Both electronic and manual retrieval system were used to search the Chinese literatures for cases of TRALI.The clinical information for patient and donor of each case were recorded and analyzed.
Conclusions Close follow-up is essential for pyeloplasty, and the postoperative complications shall be treated early
Results In observation group,the time of recovering to birth weight,speed of body weight gain,time of reaching whole enteral feeding and meconium emptying and phototherapy,number of the cases of feeding intolerance showed statistically significant differences(P 0. 05).
The effect of PGF2αis the strongest of all, OT is the next, and then is E2, P4. The effect is the strongest when E2 is 10 pg/mL, P4 is 1ng/mL, OT is 0.2pg/mL, and PGF2αis 1ng/mL
Expression and purification of urate oxidase and identification of its bioactive type
During the run-in period, patients will assess their symptoms and peak flow rates on a daily basis.
Expression Analysis of DECR1 Gene in Tissues of Mashen and Large White Pig
43. The method of claim 40, wherein either the tagged CUL4A polypeptide or the tagged DDB1 polypeptide is immobilized to a laser excitable donor bead, and the other of the CUL4A polypeptide or the DDB1 polypeptide not immobilized to the donor bead is immobilized to an acceptor bead comprising a thioxene derivative capable of generating chemiluminescence in the presence of singlet oxygen.
specific application of morphine in treat advance cancer
application of citric acid solution in preparation of antiphlogistic drug
Methods Using randomly double-blind method,60 cases ofⅠ,Ⅱ and Ⅲstage decubitus ulcer in 128 areas were assigned to experimental group and control group. In the experiment group.
Thus, neural stem cells are easily identified due to a distinct enhanced fluorescence from the oligothiophene derivative.
The invention relates also to a method of producing a scratch-resistant durable surface, wherein a composition that either contains an ethylenically unsaturated compound and a photoinitiator of formula I, is applied to a support; and curing of the formulation is carried out either solely by irradiation with electromagnetic radiation of a wavelength ranging from 200 nm into the NIR or IR region, or by irradiation with electromagnetic radiation and prior, simultaneous and/or subsequent action of heat.
The Efficacy of Glargine Insulin Combined with Nateglinide Treatment in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus
Abstract: Chemiluminescence Immunoassay (CLIA) is an efficient detection tool combined from chemiluminescent reactions and immunoassay
V-Y tendoplasty for treatment of chronic achilles tendon rupture: clinical and experimental studies
Aniline wastewater can been produced widely.Electrochemical catalytic system,one of the new AOT(Advanced Oxidation Technologies),and DSA(Dimensional Stable Anodes)-typed anodes,made by ourselves with special technology,are employed to degrade the aniline solution.The optimal condition is obtained in this study range.
The results showed that,serum and liver glycogen contents were significantly affected by the starvation and refeeding,and serum glycogen(except S12 group)and liver glycogen contents were reduced significantly as a result of starvation,while the liver glycogen contents returned to the level of control group after refeeding.
Construction of eukaryotic expression plamids encoding chicken IL-2,IL-15, IL-18 and IFN-γand study on their immunoenhancement on avian infectious bronchitis DNA vaccine
Study on culture method for formation of fibroblast colonies fromhuman bone marrow in vitro
IN SITU SEPARATION OF ETHANOL FERMENTATION BY CO_2 STRIPPING AND ACTIVATED CARBON ADSORPTION PROCESSES Ⅱ.FREE CELL CONTINUOUS FERMENTATION
inhibition of NRF2 expression by RNAi in Caco-2 cell
Influence of RGS2 on anxiety-related temperament,personality,and brain function.
Many babies develop a mild inflammation in the eyes a few days after birth
The present invention provides a method of treating asthma by administering a therapeutically effective amount of an antiviral agent to a patient.
The Clinic Effect of Creatine Phosphate Sodium for Lnjection on Pedo-viral Myocarditis
The relationship between chemerin and GDM
The present invention relates to solid, semisolid, or liquid formulations comprising amine compounds that prevent or reduce formic acid and/or formyl species generation in the dosage form during the manufacturing process and/or during shelf -life storage.
Clinical application on endoscopic mucosal resection:analysis of 92 cases
Conclusion The feminine infusorium vaginitis patient has the merge mycoplasma infection, It is necessary to carry on conventional the inspection, Provides the basis for the appropriate treatment.
U.S. Pat. No. 4,810,775 discloses a purification process for resorbable polyesters having crystallinity of up to 20%, the polymer being dissolved in a solvent, the polymer solution subsequently being brought into intimate contact with a precipitant under the action of high shear forces in a turbulent shear field.
in some embodiment, that reaction product does not have an isocyanate absorbance peak at about 2270 cm-1 as measure by infrared spectroscopy.
Multiphoton ionization dissociation(MPID) mechanism has been studied on 2-butanone molecule resonated via ( n o,3d ) state by 3 photons. The main MPID products are C 2H 3O + and CH 3CH + 2, the intensity of C 2H 3O + is 1~4 times larger than that of CH 3CH + 2, and some mionr ions C 2H + 2, C 2H + 3 and CH + 3 are also observed in the whole experimentally spectral region, where as no parent ion is observed. The mass selected resonance enhanced multiphoton ionization dissociation sp...
the reaction mixture is purified by column chromatography on silica gel.
include one or more dye transfer inhibit agents.
Objective Joint evaluation of mosapride lactulose treatment of functional constipation in clinical efficacy.
Expression of Folate Receptor alpha and its Correlation with Folate, Methylenetetrahydrofolate Reductase Gene Polymorphisms and Biological Behaviour of Gastric Cancerous Tissue
Conclusion: GBTP could suppress liver cancer in mice. The anticancer mechanism was probably associated with the arrestment of cell cycle from G2 - M phase to G1 phase transition, interference of DNA synthesis in S phase, and the induction of cancer cell apoptosis.
the anatomical structure may also be plaques in that particular case of a blood vessel.
Genetic Analysis of Litter Size in Different Large White Lines
Conclusion GSTA and ZNF subunit genes might play an important regulation role in the irinotecan resistance of colon cancer.
inflammatory bowel disease, or IBD for short, is an umbrella term for the inflammatory disorders of Crohn ' s disease and ulcerative colitis.
This study is then designed to research the effects of physical training on immunization of athletes by the means of observing the ICOS expression on T cells in the peripheral blood cell in vitro as well as characteristics of ICOS expression and its functions in vivo
Decision rules engine 1216 receives data from a source 1218 of patient metadata that may include, but is not limited to, patient genetic data, patient family history data, histo-pathology data, patient allergy data, and a patient medical history that includes a type of the primary cancer of the patient.
three different peptides containing particular iaspp sequences were designed to inhibit the iaspp / p53 binding and test the effects on proapoptotic genes,
The incubation period (interval from infection to onset of symptoms) ranges from five to 14 days
Diagnosis and Evaluation of Staging and Typing of Lung Cancer with Spiral Computed Tomography (SCT)Combined with Tumor
Changes of endothelin-1 and malondialdehyde in Kawasaki disease and their clinical significance
Further promoters are described in " Useful proteins from recombinant bacteria " in Scientific American , 1980,242 : 74-94 ; and in Sambrook et a /., 1989 , supra .
Therapeutic Effects of Nitazoxanide Suspension on Artificially Infected Chickens with Eimeria tenella
Investigation of Strained Si/SiGe-OI Hetero structurewith High Resolution Electron Microscope
The phrase "specifically (or selectively) binds" to a polypeptide, when referring to a monomer or multimer, refers to a binding reaction that can be determinative of the presence of the polypeptide in a heterogeneous population of proteins (e.g., a cell or tissue lysate) and other biologics.
Clinical utility of electrodiagnostic consultation in suspected polyneuropathy
hyperthyroidism company with thyroid carcinoma
the method for the esterification of a fatty acid F is carried out in a column with a packing.
Professor Tang thinks highly of body constitution in analysis of PSD etiopathogenisis and pathogenesis, upholds theory that deficiency of zang-fu organs and insufficiency of both kidney and liver caused by stroke are basic pathology of PSD.
Suitable aldehydes are formaldehyde (including oligomers/polymers such as trioxane), furfural, sugars and cellulose hydrolysates.
the analyte sen layer comprise an oxidoreductase such as glucose oxidase that has been entrapped within a UV crosslinked poly-styrylpyridinium polymer matrix.
Methods From January 2002 to December 2011,715 elder patients with hip fractures in the hospital were reviewed.Selection possible potential risk factors related to peri-operative pulmonary infection as variables,including gender,age,time interval from injury to admission,pulmonary disease,fracture type,surgical methods,operation time,anesthesia type etc.
Different concentrations Y2O3:Ho3+/Yb3+/Li+ nanocrystals were prepared by sol-gel method,and the influence of different Li+ concentrations on the up-conversion photoluminescence of the Y2O3:Ho3+/Yb3+/Li+ nanocrystals was studied.
Nerve cells transmit electrical impulses, and nerve fibers are prolonged axons that conduct the impulses.
Meanwhile,multivariate logistic regression analysis showed statistically significance to prevalence of coronary heart disease with dyslipidemia and drinking water source among people aged over 45. Conclusion It is worthwhile to establish the long-term observation system for desalinated seawater,and to further investigate the relationship between cardiovascular diseases and drinking desalinated water in Shengsi area.
Phosphorus gettering or hydrogen passivation is useful only for interstitial iron or iron complexes but is of no use for precipitated iron.
The Clinical Analysis of Somatoform Disorders (SDs) in Community Health Care Institution
Mutation probability of each antibody is dynamically calculated.According to antibody affinity,antibody populations are dynamically divided into memory antibody units and general antibody units.Antibody populations are adjusted by sphere crossover so that global search speed of the proposed algorithm is accelerated.
Externally-applied medicament for treating traumatic injuries simply and use method thereof
in that first part, projection graph rotation analysis was apply in the system of protein LC-MS
It is also expected that new infections for 2008 will be reduced to 7,500 cases and to 6,000 cases in 2011.
includes ultrasonic machine, and the said dialyzing container is situated at the effective ultrasonic range of the ultrasonic machine.the invention yet includes the application of ultrasonic in the interaction analysis of the amoxicillin or diltiazem hydrochloride with the human serum albumin, in the interaction analysis of the metallic ion with the protein and DNA, and the application of the separation and dialysis of heavy metal ion and deleterious substance in the pharmaceutical industry.
Cloning and expression of chimaeric antibodies are described in EP-A-0120694 and EP-A-0125023.
in that course of treatment on human body, the therapeutic belt is capable of absorb aqueous vapor and moisture generated from profuse sweat, effectively avoid or decrease invasion of aqueous vapor and moisture to the acting part of the therapeutic belt, which can not only enhance curative effect, but also can prolong the service life of the product ( Chinese herbal medicine synergistic bag ), and is convenient to preserve the therapeutic belt, and has low cost.
Blood was drawn after fasting over 12 hours.
Results Single-person profiles were obtained by single cell separation technique,which was in concordance with the profiles of the related male volunteers.
REPARATION OF FINE PLZT POWDER BY SOL-GEL METHOD
Methods COX-2 and P53 were detected by immunohistochemical staining in 15 seborrheic keratosis(SK), 15 Bowen’s disease(BD), 20 basal cell epithelioma(BCE), 20 squamous-cell carcinoma(SCC) tissues
indicate that neuregulin can be used to prevent,
STUDIES ON THE ANTIGENS OF MUTICEPS CESTODE -APPLICATION OF IHA FOR INVESTIGATION OF ANTIBODY RESPONSE IN SHEEP AFTER IMMUNIZATION AND INFECTION
The dose to the designated volume during each fraction is preferably between about 3.0 and about 4.0 Gy, and a total dose of between about 30 to about 40 Gy delivered in 8 to 10 sessions over a period of 4-5 days.
here, that sensitiity and specificity of the assay and the molecule to be detect may become critical.
said amino group-containing modified epoxy resin (a2) is obtained by reacting amino group-containing compound (a24) with modified epoxy resin (I) that is obtainable by a reaction of diepoxy compound (a21), which is compound (a211) represented by formula (1) below or compound (a212) represented by formula (2) below, epoxy resin (a22) having an epoxy equivalent of 170 to 500, and bisphenol compound (a23
The resin was again treated with 25 mL of a 1:1 mixture of trifluoroacetic acid in dichloromethane; agitation was maintained for 25 minutes by nitrogen bubbling, then the solvent was filtered away.
(4) no fat or calcfication in 3 cases.
This indicates that the TM2/pTrc99A-carrying BL21 crude extract could suppress non-specific binding in the highest degree.
Objective:To investigate the effects of pravastatin on the apoptosis of human mesenchymal stem cells(MSCs) induced by H2O2 and the correlated cell signaling pathways.
Methods All 240 patients with gout in our hospital from January 2010 to December 2011 were selected as research object;their knowledge about dietary therapy and their compliance were analyzed and compared among the patients with different cultural degree and course of disease.The quality of life and disease controlling effect were studied and compared too.
Microbial Remediation of Petroleum-Heavy Metals Contaminated Soil
Case 3 was Brodie abscess,his condition was stable after operation.
A recombinant plasmid pBM201, which is constructed by treating a chromosomal DNA isolated from Serratia marcescens SB303 and a vector plasmid pBR322 with HindIII and EcoRI and then ligating them together (cf. Japanese Patent First Publication No. 27980/1990; Example 2), is isolated in the same manner as in the process (2)(A).
Real time-PCR was applied to analyze the gene expression of activin A and follistatin in renal tissue.
The amino acid sequence of version "b" is also shown in SEQ ID NO: 40.
Cirrhosis was induced by administered CCl4 subcutaneously on rats.
The Peking Duck Embryo Follicle of Developmental Characteristics and β-Catenin Gene Cloning and Expression
Conducting high quality randomized controlled clinical trial.
Treatment of Perennial Allergic Rhinitis by Buqi Gubiao Yishen Therapy: A Clinical Observation of 56 Cases
The inter-simple sequence repeat(ISSR) was conducted to analyze the genetic variation of four native populations of Trachidermus fasciatus in China Zhejiang population(Z),Shangdong population(S),Hebei population(H) and Yalujiang population(Y),with 15 polymorphic primers selected from 100 ISSR primers.For each population,30 samples were used in the study.
ConclusionThe expression of nm23H1, CD44V6 correlated with the development, invasion and metastasis of colonic carcinoma. Specially expressions of nm23H1 and CD44V6 plays a coordinated role in the lymph node serve as an important indicator of metastasis of colonic carcinoma
The percentage of infants in the survivor cohort being SGA according to the gestational age at the time of the co-twin vanishing
Preparation of beta -hydroxy carbonyl compounds and/or alpha, beta -unsaturated carbonyl compounds involves contacting at least one aldehyde or ketone with a solid magnesium-aluminium double hydroxide catalyst of formula (I).
Disorders of sexual differentiation in the adolescent
ObjectiveTo investigate the differences of gene expression before and after the compaction to search for the control mechanism of compaction. Methods8-cell embryos (626 mice) and 8-cell compacted embryos (437 mice) were collected from Kunmingbai mice, respectively. The cDNA of early 8-cell embryos was used as a tester, and the cDNA of 8-cell compacted embryos as a driver. Differences of gene expression were investigated between early 8-cell embryos and 8-cell compacted embryos using combining SMART (switchi...
then autologous marrow stem cells are injected.
the heat salable tfe copolymer composition can be applied by casting from solution or dispersion onto a support and a film results upon drying and / or fusing.
(3)pNNSEAP-transfected cells were treated with oxymatrine at theconcentration of 0.06, 0.3, 0.6g/L and glycyrrhizin of 0.02, 0.1 g/L and
People may choose sexual surrogacy for many reasons, including anxiety about relationships or general sexual dysfunction. A newly widowed person struggling with dating or a war veteran returning as an amputee might practice flirting or body confidence with a surrogate. Sessions can include everything from social skills training to actual genital-to-genital contact. Surrogacy might sound like prostitution, but its therapeutic benefit seems to give it a free legal pass. The focus is not on pleasure, but on learning what appropriate sexual or relationship behavior feels like. Surrogates aim to get patients to the point where they can end therapy and forge connections on their own.
Clinical nursing of patients with trigeminal herpes zoster
Effect of intravenous administration of vitamin C IV on brachial arterial endothelial function in essential hypertension patients
Imaging Quality Control of Stereotactic Radiotherapy for Intracranial Tumors with a New Phantom
serum inhibitor of streptolysin S; SISS
Study on the Treatment of Cranio-facial Bones Fractures and Defects
The glucose metabolism of patients was analyzed before and after treatment in two groups,respectively,using the methods of radioactivity ratio and SPM. Results There were 5 patients drop-out in the control group.
A fine, lustrous fiber composed mainly of fibroin and produced by certain insect larvae to form cocoons, especially the strong, elastic, fibrous secretion of silkworms used to make thread and fabric.
T helper cells can be subclassified into T helper 1 (Th-1), T helper 2 (Th-2) and T helper 17 (Th-17) cells.
Methods: The patients using mechanical ventilation were divided into severe H1N1 group and ARDS group,and the data collected were the variables of age,sex,biochemical indicator,blood gas analysis,length of ventilation,ALI,MODS,APACHEⅢscore,etc.
The NS1 Gene of H5N1 Avian Influenza Virus(AIV) Expressed in Insect Cells
Genetic Diversity of Oratosquilla oratoria Populations in Yellow Sea
Determination of serum concentration of fleroxacin with high performance liquid chromatography
Methods We observed 260 cases of the use of four-dimensional ultrasound in prenatal fetal umbilical artery before and after aorta,middle cerebral artery,cardiac output and other hemodynamic changes and behavioral activity,and use four-dimensional ultrasound observation of fetal behavior change for prenatal physiology score before and after,and with prenatal controls were co mpared before and statistical tests.
And it is severe: the knifelike tearing sensation that accompanies the crisis is described by patients as being orders of magnitude worse than the agony of childbirth or kidney stones.
in yet another embodiment, that invention relate to an isolated DNA or RNA molecule comprising at least ten contiguous base having a sequence shown in SEQ ID NOs: 467-481 in Table A4, and equivalents thereof.
in other embodiment, that present invention provides a method for treat or preventing angiogenic disorders where VEGFR kinase activity contributes to pathological condition, the method comprising providing a compound of the present invention in an amount sufficient to result in the vascular endothelial growth factor receptor being contacted with an effective inhibitory amount of the compound
S. It acts in fact on the differentiation of the lymphocytes, it induces the synthesis of Interferon and TNF, and its production can be inhibited by IL-10.
The optimal substrate among β-ketoesters examined was ethyl acetoaetate.
In order to overcome the product inhibition and to facilitate the product recovery from the aqueous organic emulsion containing substrate and lipase, a hydrophilic porous semipermeable membrane has been applied in the stirring tank reactor
The results suggest that atropine inhalation can improve the FEV1 in asthma.
Pre-treatment with TP efficiently reduced lithium chloride-pilocarpine-induced seizure activities,hippocampal neuron death and glial activation.Conclusion TP exerts a neuroprotective role in the attenuation of brain damage after SE,possibly by inhibiting glial activation to resist inflammatory reaction.
The skill of head ultrasound was used to make an early diagnosis for preterm infants with periventricular leukomalacia(PVL).Results Twenty-one cases in control group were diagnosed with PVL including 13cases with non-cystic PVL and 8cases with cystic PVL.
After the operation, the patient controlled analgesia devices with tramadol or sufentanil were connected.Visual analogue scale (VAS), and sedation level were recored.Results The resting VAS score in group T was lower than in group S at 12 h, 24 h, 48 h after operation (P<0.05).
Effect of changing conjugation bridge between hapten and carrier protein on the sensitivity of salicylate elisa
An "immunogenic amount" is an amount of the attenuated virus sufficient to evoke an immune response in the subject to which the virus is administered.
Preparation of Anti-he4 Monoclonal Antibodies for Detection of Ovarian Cancer
Using this information, the data is then reordered into a cogent data set containing fetal heart volumes for one or more cardiac cycles.
i ) have a monomeric diisocyanate content of less than 3% by weight,
Clinical Treatment for 22 Cases of Last Segment Severed Finger of Children
Drug selectivity is achieved by targeting specific cells or enzymes/receptors on cells.
OBJECTIVE To observed the inhibitory effects of somatostatin analogue sandostatin and anticarcinogens on the growth of lung careinoma cells and observe the apoptosis of the cells in vitro.
The rats were sacrificed after about another 24 hours
The pathogenesis, clinical manifestations, and corresponded nursing care of fetal alcohol syndrome are reviewed and discussed
Cystic fibrosis is an autosomal recessive condition commonly due to the mutation.DELTA.F508.
THE INVESTIGATION AND RISK FACTORS LOGISTIC REGRESSION ANALYSIS OF ECTOPIC PREGNANCY IN FIRST PREGNANCY
Experimental Study of Protective Effects of Yixinkang Capsule on Myocardial Ischemia/Reperfusion Injury in Rabbits
The frequency distribution of genotype in GZNP had no great differences with Shanghai and Sichuan,but those had significant differences with other contries such as Japan,India,Poland,and America(P<0.01).Conclusion Gene polymorphisms of CYP1B1 in Arg48Gly and Ala119Ser had LD,no gender difference,and were different from those in other countries.
Results There existed difference among the treatment group and model group and sham operation in qualified pathological score and smooth muscle contractility.
The regulation of food intake is complex and involves many peripheral peptides
Comparative study on sensitivities of Arthrospira platensis and Spirulina subsulsa to seven antibiotics
Object: to analyze imaging feature of multi -slice spiral CT(MSCT) in diagnosis of carotid artery diseases,and compared with DSA results, to elementary evaluate it's diagnostic significance.
in one embodiment, there is provide a method of preventing or minimize migration of a hydrophilic ingredient such as an API from a hydrophobic inner layer of a seamless capsule to an outer hydrophilic lay of a capsule by including that steps of providing an API in a therapeutically effective amount that is encapsulated, partially encapsulated or adsorbed and incorporating the API into the hydrophobic inner layer of a seamless capsule
in x-ray image for example, markers of lead are often put on that detector in ord to indicate the left / right projection of an organ on the resulting x-ray image
the drug releasing coatings described herein utilized biologically active binders to apply one or more therapeutic agents to at least one surface of a medical device.
the present invention relate to an enzyme with lipolytic activity, a DNA construct comprising a DNA sequence encode that enzyme, and a method of producing the enzyme
so as to achieve that aim of deodorize the animal feces and urine
Results: The pregnant week and postpartum hemorrhage had no statistical significant difference in two groups(P>0.05);The neonatal weight in cesarean section group was higher than that in vaginal delivery group(P<0.05).
Implant rhinal stent into nasal cavity as a new therapy for snuffle and rhinorrhagia
The microstructure and morphology of the products were characterized by XRD,SEM,TEM,and SAED.The photocatalytic activity of the products was investigated by degradation of methyl orange(MO).
take that peptone, the glycerol, agar and the like to prepare a solid culture medium;
Protein interaction domains of about 70-90 amino acid residues, named after a common structure found in PSD-95, Discs Large, and Zona Occludens 1 proteins.
The two different analytical methods, colloidal gold strip(CGS) and liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry(LC-MS/MS), were used to determine tetracyclines residue in milk and the analytical results were compared
Studies on the Influence of the Essential Oil of Xixin on the Concentration of Copper and Zinc of the Serum and Liver in Experimental Inflammatory Rats
The test proved sensitive enough to detect a single mutated virus out of 10, 000 non mutated viruses in the patient samples, Gao said
immunohistochemical study of mast cell density and IL-8 expression in psoriatic lesion
Pharmaceutical composition of gen-seng or red ginseng, ophiopogon root and breviscapine
Pulmonary artery perfusion with hypothermic solution inhibits the apoptosis of lung parenchymal cells during cardiopulmonary bypass
When employing ethanol alone, the solution is preferably a 70 % aqueous solution, and used in an amount 20-40 fold larger than the weight of the mountain ginseng adventitious roots used.
pulmonary secondary tumor
Protective effects of midazolam and propofol on myocardial stunning in patients undergoing open heart surgery.
adapted for intra-vascular treatments and are not usable for the present therapy.
Influence of Left-hand Arginine on Breeding Performance of Suffolk Mutton Sheep and Serum Biochemical Indicators
include a polymeric binder that has a hydrophobic backbone and pendant salt group that comprise a cation covalently attached to that hydrophobic backbone and a boron-containing anion forming a salt with the cation
The crystals were collected, washed, and dried to yield compound III as a white crystalline powder (yield 90-95%).
include tablets, capsule, oral solutions and suspensions and parenteral solutions.
Effect of N-acetylcysteine on oxidative damage induced by methylmercury in rats cerebral cortex
The invention relates to a method for separating and refining polymer grade L-lactic acid from a zymotic fluid containing lactic acid through a dual-membrane process.
Phosphoglucosamine acetylase
Liuwei Dihuang Pills with Enalapril on Senile Diabetic Nephropathy Therapy Effect Analysis
Objective To explore associated risk factors of periodontitis to provide reference for clinical practice.
Of the 53 overlap syndrome patients,27 were positive for anti- mitochondrial antibody- M2,and the positive rate was significantly different from those of two control groups.
in one embodiment, that invention provide a pharmaceutical composition comprising CD34+ or CD133+ progenitor cell that have been contacted with a compound of the invention, particularly one that inhibits the activity of TNF-α, in the first six days of culture, unde conditions that promote proliferation and differentiation of said progenitor cells, and a pharmaceutically-acceptable carrier.
Simultaneous Screening for 59 Drugs of Abuse in Biological Samples by LC-MS/MS-MRM
he conditions of separation and preconcentration for the trace W, Mo and Sn with TRPO-cellulose extraction chromatographic and the reaction mechanism are studied
The TSC measurement and infrared spectrum analysis indicated that trapped charges, degree of crystallization and stereoregularity of the thin film were all decreased after Si+ ion implantation with the energy of 55 keV and the dose of 3×1015/cm2. Existance of implanted ions would result in the increase of short range spiro-structure and hence' induce modificati.
Ectomycorrhiza(ECM) are symbionts formed between soil fungi and plant root systems,in which the fungus exchanges soil-derived nutrients for carbohydrates obtained from the host plant.
in the second control group, one case failed to resuscitate and the average resuscitative time was (22\^5±15) minutes
Conclusion The seven oligonucleotide aptamers targeting the first extracellular domain of Orai1 protein are obtained by SELEX technology.The aptamers can decrease intracellular calcium influx and inhibit the release of β-hexosaminidase from LAD2 cells effectively,and therefore,inhibit mast cell activation through CRAC channels.
By adjusting the NIPAM/BSA ratio,BSA nanocapsules(nBSA) with different sizes(7. 4 nm to 17 nm) were synthesized successfully and confirmed by dynamic light scattering(DLS) and transmission electron microscopy(TEM).Thermoresponsive behavior of nBSA was studied by monitoring the size-temperature trending test through DLS.
it is known in that art to implant a bone plate atop a bone surface and across a fracture site or other skeletal defect in nee of repair.
The natural rectorite (REC) was modified with dodecyl benzyl dimethyl ammonium chloride (1227), hexadecyl trimethyl ammonium bromide (1631) and octadecyl trimethyl ammonium bromide (1831), respectively. Then we obtained three kinds of organic-modified rectorite: 1227-REC, 1631-REC, 1831-REC which were used as adsorbents for phenol from water.
indezole bioisostere replacement of catechol in therafeutically active compound
suitable surfaces comprise at least the following: left ventricle, right ventricle, atria, aorta, pulmonary artery and vene trunks.
Out of 89 cases, according to histological activity index of liver inflammation, GO, 1.12% (1/89); G1, 13
CLINICAL ANALYSIS IRRITABLE HYPERGLYCEMIA IN CRITICAL DISEASED CHILDREN
Moreover,there are no reports of miRNA antagonism in primates.
while these methods provide dispersions of pigments, including modified pigments having attached groups, there remains a need for pigment dispersions, particularly those having high loadings of pigment, having improved performance properties, such as viscosity, thereby providing advantageous alternatives to previous modified pigments.
Study on the content of urinary retinal binding protein excretion of the lead poisoning patients
Our results also suggested that this endocytosis is Clathrin-dependent and AP-2 might be the adaptor protein that recognizes the ternary complex
Clinicopathologic Analysis of Patients with Lung Tumors of 3177 cases in Tianjin
conclusion car has many effects on the cardiovascular system, besides the fallen map induced by the tpr reduction, car can also decrease the hr and inhibit the contraction ability of the heart
Aim: To investigate the effects of Chitosan oligosaccharides(COS) on attenuating menadione-induced stress injury in macrophages.
Research of Alcalase hydrolyzing casein
10 . the use of the yeast strain of any one of claims 1 through 9 to produce a fermented alcoholic beverage .
A seed carrying the artificial chromosome (AC) of claim 14
laparoscopic cholecystectomy combine with endoscopic retrograde Cholangiopancreaticography for gallbladder and bile duct Stones
Quantification of Anti-Protein S IgG by Enzyme-Linked Immunosorbent Assay (ELISA)
The clinical duration and recovery index of rocuromium were 41±14 3min and 13 5±4 7min respectively, which were quite similar to those of vecuronium.
Objective:To study the application value and safety of autohemotransfusion for women with ectopic gestation.
hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) subtype detection gene chip base on total genomic probe
STUDIES OF CYTOGENETIC EFFECTS OF SODIUM ARSENICALS ON MAMMALIAN CELLS IN VITRO
The Immunohistochemical Localization and Morphology of 5-HT Positive Cells in Digestive Tract of Neomys fodiens
Biological and Morphological Study of the Water Mite Unionicola. (Polytatax) Chelata
Lung cancer symptom scores showed no obvious differences among the different treatment arms, except for some minor items
in that event of a sub-optical therapeutic result, this can be note by OCT monitoring, and an immediate repetition of the PDT, by reactivate the therapeutic light can be undertaken without removal and re-introduction of the catheter
(4) the shape of red blood cells
Clinical Observation on Manipulation and Cervical traction in the Treatment of Upper Cervical Spondylosis (65 Patients were Observed)
2. There is a weak relationship between MMP-7 and TIMP-1 (r=0.281, p<0.05). And the expression of MMP-7 is strong in most cases while that of TIMP-1 is weak in most ones.
in ord to determine an expression level of each of that TRG genes, 20. mu. g of each of the total denature RNA samples extracted from the tissues and cell line was electrophoresized in an 1% formaldehyde agarose gel, and then the resultant agarose gel were transferred to a nylon membrane ( ( Boehringer-Mannheim, Germany
The Study of CIA Induced by Collagen
Results After 40 days, the therapeutie effect in treatment group was superior to that in control group B ( P 0.05).
Health-Related Quality of Life of Children with Subclinical Epileptiform Electro encephalographic Discharges
the proteinase resistance of a particular analog can be measured in vivo using any of a number of animal models.
anaerobic metabolism
Results: There were no statistically significant differences with the vocal cord conditions(Cormack-Lehane score) in groups T1.5 min,T2 min and T3 min,but the vocal cord conditions at 1. 5-3 min differed significantly from that at 1 min after rocuronium administration(P<0.05).
Clinical analysis of 11 patients with secondary diabetes insipidus
Radical abdominal trachelectomy: a surgical technique for preserving fertility in treatment of early cervical cancer
such as nuclease and proteases, dig that components of the cell
in u. s. patent numb 6,394,952 there is disclosed a point-of-care diagnostic system that is design to process patient data from numerous point-of-care diagnostic tests or assays
In the dissertation, several problems in DNA molecule synthesis and DNA computing coding of DNA computer manufacture are studied and discussed mainly from the point of sticker models and sticker systems. The detailed contents are as follows:The coding problem is the core problem of DNA computer realization
The results show that the compact oxide film formed on the steel immersed in solution containing Zn consists mainly of Zn(Cr, Fe)2O4.With the increase of Zn concentration, weight gain rate decreases, while the atomic concentration of Fe in the oxide film increases.
The blood flow of cauda equina was measured with laser Doppler flowmeter
At 7 and 14 days after immunization the SRBC antibody titers was decreased by 1.61 log2(P 0.05).
Conclusion The internet addiction individuals inclined to negative coping style, and the students with internet addition disorder had obvious anxiety and depression disorder.
New advance in diagnosis and treatment for renal cell carcinoma patiants with thrombus in the renal vein and inferior vena cava
Conclusion CT and MRI plain scan and enhancement scaning could definitely diagnose lingual carcinoma.
The antibody according to any one of (1) to (9), the antibody being a monoclonal antibody
The following studies were performed in BPH patients using an extract prepared by extraction of saw palmetto fruit with supercritical carbon dioxide
The Effect of Cangfudaotan Tang on Leptin Level in Patients with Phlegm-Damp type Infertility
epithelial TISSUE MEMBER EXPANSION DEVICEIn some instances ,
WT1 Gene Expression in Patients with Myelodysplastic Syndromles
HP-5 column (30m X 0.53mm i.d.,2.65μm) was used.
Clinical observation of topical anesthesia in phacoemulsification and intraocular lens implantation with scleral tunnel incision
Study on Erythrocyte Potassium Phenotype of Huzhu Yellow Cattle Hybrids
Optimal setting of vagus nerve stimulation parameters for antiepileptic treatment
Measurement and calculation of vapor-liquid equilibrium for dimethyl ether-methanol-water ternary system
transcortical aphasia
Study on Chemotherapy-Induced Glucose Metabolic Disorders in Patients with Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer
An infant with positive anticardiolipitin antibody and prolonged activated partial thromboplastin time
The XRD result shows that the hydroxyapatite was successfully prepared and the TEM display it has a diameter about 20 to 50nm in sphere.
Keywords obstructive sleep apnea syndrome;adiponectin;apnea hypopnea index;minimal oxyhemoglobin saturation;average oxyhemoglobin saturation;
Pathological examinations revealed 3 cases of well-differentiated papillary adenocarcinoma of the duodenum, 1 case of endocrine small-cell carcinoma of the head of pancreas, and 1 case of papillary adenomatoid hyperplasia of the duodenum with malignant changes accompanying intermediated-differentiated adenocarcinoma of upper and middle intrahepatic biliary duct.
Incidences of drug-related adverse events, serious adverse events, and discontinuations related to adverse events were generally similar between groups
The level of the serum IL-6 of bearing tumor mice was higher than that of contral group mice(P< 0.01), furthermore the level of the IL-6 of the mice treated with tumor lysate-pulsed DCs was highest(P< 0.01) in three groups. The level of TNF-α of bearing
Acquirement of antigen from apoptotic cells by human dendritic cells from peripheral blood
Significance of Nt-pro barin natriuretic peptide in identification of cardiogenic and Corpulmonale dyspnea
Determination of Albendazole and Its Metabolites in Meat by Liquid Chromatography Tandem Mass Spectrometry
ObjectiveTo esta blish a labelling method for rabbit RPE cells in vitro.
the amount of that unstable terminal groups and the stable terminal group can be quantitatively measured by IR spectroscopy
The method comprises the steps of: carrying out permeability treatment on Alcaligens faecalisl.1799 cells; catalyzing oxidative deamination of L-alanine by utilizing L-amino acid oxidase in the cells in the presence of air to form pyruvic acid, ammonia and hydrogen peroxide; catalyzing the hydrogen peroxide formed in the reaction by utilizing catalase in the cells to realize pyruvic acid accumulation without producing by-products.
Finally, a probable mechanism of the effect of the extract on the -amylase was invertigated
the obtain fructus crataegi total flavonoids have high purity
The predominant reasons for maternal mortality are, as in the past, abortions, obstetric haemorrhaging and pregnancy complications.
Methods All of the acinetobacter baumanii strains isolated from clinical specimens from 2008 to 2010 were collected.The source and distribution of the specimens were analyzed,and the resistance rates to 17 kinds of antibiotics were detected.
Studies on Biologically Active Heteroatomic Organic Compounds(Ⅱ)
Pathologic Classification and Imaging Diagnosis of Coarctation of Aorta
Results:All patients reached the class I occlusal relationship,the upper and lower teeth lined with normal,no powder in the gap and the crowding phenomenon.
synthetic anionic polycarboxylate may also be used in that dentifrice composition of the present invention as an efficacy enhancing agent for certain active ingredients, including antibacterial, antitartar or other active agent within the oral composition.
The anti-endothelium apoptosis role of XinXueKang:An experimental study
Through compatibility of the above herbal medicines having complementary advantages, the oral traditional Chinese medicine decoction has effects of clearing heat and liver-fire, dissipating binds and eliminating scrofula, rectifying qi and resolving depression, promoting blood circulation to remove blood stasis, evacuating wind heat, and restoring consciousness and improving eyesight, produces medicine synergism, realizes simultaneous treatment of principal and subordinate symptoms, has no side effects and has obvious effects of treating glaucoma.
studied the reactions of C2N+ towards a series of neutral molecules including N2、CO、HCN、C2N2、N2O、H2O、H2S、CH4、NH3, etc. Their experiments concluded that there are two isomeric forms for C2N+.
Studies on Testing Seed Genetic Purity of Chinese Cabbage
Renal biopsy in the early stage is considered very important to diagnosis, diferential diagnosis and treatment due to the specific renal pathological changes in light chain nephropathy.
induce exon
Methods DPCs and PDLCs were isolated by enzymatic digestion and preceded to odontogenic/osteogenic induction for 14 d,and the cells without induction served as controls.The expressions of FGF2 and BMP2 were investigated by quantitative real-time RT-PCR.
This article observed the pregnancy - interrupting action of Gossypol Acetic Acid(GAA) combined with PG05. the results showed that administration of GAA at 75mg/kg × 3d alonecouldn' t interrupt the pregnancy. however, same dosage of GAA combined with PG05 0.2mg/kg/d ×2d enhanced significantly the interrupting effect of the latter on early pregnancy;
The rosiglitazone and metformin treatment efficacy analysis of polycystic ovarian syndrome
The results show that the texture characteristics of the different parts of the tilapia muscle tissue have significant difference. Using the method of compression distinguishes the different parts of the muscle tissue fast is proposed in this paper, it provides some foundations to the segmentation processing of frozen tilapia fillets
if that descendant breed green and white case egg, the male duck is the gene heterozygous type
In preferred embodiments, the reactant, e.g., methanol and/or methanol derivatives, reacted in the secondary reactors 111, 112, may be present in derivative stream 108
The properties of the complexes are also very important in this regard, e.g. their oxidation stability
in addition, pharmaceutical composition of that present invention can contain also one or more pharmaceutically acceptable excipients
Methods The artery of the distal finger and the superficial veins of the finger fronts were anastomosed by three needle sewing.
Furthermore,the SERS spectroscopic technique was used to investigate the impacts of electrode potential as well as solution pH on molecular adsorption of glycine modified on roughened silver electrode surface.
Clinical Characteristics of Traumatic Pneumomediastinum
MMP-9, MMP-26 and ER had positive expression in normal endometrium and in endometrial adenocarcinoma tissues.
The Effect of Shuxuetong Injection with Alprostadil for Treatment of Vertebrobasilar Artery Insufficiency
The TWI process has been particularly developed to reduce the incidence of strain age cracking through two mechanisms
Effect of genistein on proliferation of normal and hydrogen peroxide injured endothelial cells
Traditional Chinese medicinal composition for treating protrusion of lumbar vertebral discs
chromomere chromosome coiling
Clinical and pathological characteristics of focal segmental glomerulosclerosis in children
Conclusion Insulin resistance and the disruption of its associated factors take important roles in gestational hypertension which can be used as the potential biomarkers of diagnostic and therapeutic.
Justification for the use of allografts from NHBDs may be defended by similar long-term patient survival to HBD recipients
Methods The investigation was to determine the expression of ER,PR of paraffin embedded tissues of breast cancer(BC) in 116 cases by immunochemical method.
The NK cell activity and levels of IL-6,IL-8 and TNF-α in peritoneal fluid were measured by radioisotope method or enzyme linked immunosorbent assays.
Insulin resistance index whether by IRI or by TI calculation HOMA-IR all showed that DM>IGT> NGT (P<0.05).
Methods 42 cases of patients with chronic wounds,divided into 2 groups randomly,21 cases with alcohol humidified oxygen blowing and and 21 cases with vacuum sealing drainage as the observation group the control group.
Analysis of Pulmonary Trace Elements in Adults of Beijing Area-Pulmonary Biological Monitoring Reflects the Aerosol Composition of Inorganic Elements in Beijing Atmosphere
The Expression and Biological Significance of 14-3-3 σ and HSP27 in Colorectal Cancer
Results The pregnant rate in centesis group was similar to that in operation group, and difference was not significant between two groups(P>0.05
To evaluate the diagnostic value of CEA in BALF, we studied 33 patients with lung cancer in which 10 had been lavaged both tumor-bearing lung and contralateral normal lung and 13 had been taken serum, 28 with benign lung disease in which 6 had been lavaged both sick lung and normal lung as control subjects. The measurements of CEA were made by radioimmunoassay (RIA). The results showed that:1. CEA was abnormally high in cancer patients when compared with control subjects(P
include analysis of chemical compositions of material, microstructure observation, metallurgical microstructure examination and mechanical property test
Experimental Study on the Prevention for Post-transplantation Recurrence of Hepatocellular Carcinoma with Adoptive Immunotherapy from Dendritic Cells Induced Donor Spleen Lymphocytes
The effect of IL-1Ra preventive treatment on the survival curves of the mice that received cyclophosphamide chemotherapy for 3 consecutive days
The part sequence(base pairs from(22 908) to(23 542) in SARS-CoV genome sequence whose accession number is AY304495) of spike protein gene of SARS Coronavirus was cloned into the expression vector pET28a(+).
Objective To investigate the clinical application significance of free light chain determination in children with viral encephalitis.
Governing Principle of Clinical Investigation of Diabetes Treatment with New Chinese Medicinal
Numerous microvilli were present in the cells and desmosomes were not observed
When Pinus radiata,characterized by a carrot-like taproot tree species,is severed by bud-seedling root pruning,undercutting and wrenching,a loss in apical dominance in the entire root system was caused.Following that shoot growth is arrested,lateral root growth increases,a more compact and fibrous root system develops,and shoot-root ratio decreases.These are attributed to the field performance especially in the arid areas.
The H2/N2, H2/CO, H2/CO2 and H2/C3H8 permselectivities on the zeolite membrane after the three-stage synthesis were 3.79, 4.05, 3.88, 7.35, respectively, higher than the corresponding Knudsen diffusion selectivities.
The experiments were divided into 4 groups and carried out with non-circulating Langendorff method. The results showed that the activities of succinic dehydrogenase (SDH), superoxide dismutase (SOD) and glutathione peroxidase (GSH-PX) decreased, and malondialdehyde (MDA) increased in anoxic group as compared with aerobic group; SDH, SOD and GSH-PX activities further decreased and the amount of MDA significantly increased in reoxygenated group; whereas SDH, SOD and GSH-PX in diltiazem group were recovered an...
include that ease of manufacture, injection, implantation, and application, ease of control over the consistency or rheology and hydrophilicity or hydrophobicity of the biodegradable vehicle, flexibility of tailor in vivo degradation kinetics of the vehicles, tailoring the dose of the BAS in the biodegradable delivery system by blending the requisite amount of BAS with the biodegradable vehicle, and enhancing stability of the BAS
Isolated hematuria(without RBC casts or proteinuria) suggests bleeding from a site between renal pelvis and urethra.
roller staining and coating machine
in treatment group that range of memory and ability of twinkle memory were prominently improved. its curative effect was bet than that of control group.
Conclusion:siRNA-mediated fibroblast activation protein alpha knock-down can inhibit the proliferation of U87 glioma cells and promote apoptosis of glioma cells.
Effect of HNO_3 Treated Activated Carbon on Its Catalytic Activity for Vinyl Acetate Synthesis
Nonfunctioning islet cell tumors of pancreas occur in younger patients without gender predilec-tion.
Determination of sodium and potassium ions in deproteinized calf blood extract concentrate by flame absorption spectrometry
synthesis method of 2-cyano-N- ( 2, 4-dichloro-5-methoxyphenyl) acetamide
Conclusion The positive expression rate of B7-H4in ovarian epithelial carcinoma tissue is related to the pathological type,clinical stage and pathological grade of ovarian epithelial carcinoma.B7-H4may be regarded as a new marker used for diagnosis of ovarian cancer.
Objective:To summarize the clinical experience of anesthesia in 158 elderly cases of transurethral resection of prostate(TURP).
The rats in control group were injected by normal saline,while all the other rats were intraperitoneally injected doxorubicin for 6 times till cumulative dose to 15 mg / kg.
The field trials were conducted at two sites nearby the Tropical Center to investigate the influence of variety and fertilization on dry matter formation and accumulation of cassava.Two varieties of newly developed SC5 and conventional SC205 were used with five fertilization treatments including NP (1. 0:0.
The sensor of the thirteenth invention is a sensor for detecting or quantifying a target substance contained in a liquid sample, comprising in particular an enzyme, a quinone compound, and at least a pair of electrodes
Although such binding is not sequence specific, it is possible to tell different amplified products by doing melting curve analysis because each amplified product has a certain melting temperature.
Chittoor et al. isolated three cDNAs and a genomic DNA fragment, which are highly homologous, from rice, and indicated that these three POXs had different induction patterns when rice is infected with Xanthomonas oryzae pv.oryzae (Chittoor et al. (1997), Reference 10).
The target sequence was amplified after transduction into plasmid pBSHH1,and was transducted into FG12 lentiviral vector containing enhanced green fluorescent protein(EGFP).The recombinant lentivirus of CCR5-shRNA was packaged,and the virus titer was determined.
25. A cell according to claim 24, wherein all constitutively expressed or constitutively overexpressed genes are stably integrated into the genome of the cell.
The antioxidative activity of the extract and mogroside of Siraitia grosvenorii in vivo was studied. The hyperlipidemia model of ICR mice was established by feeding high-fat feedstuff, the GSH-Px activity, SOD activity and MDA concentration of of all mice serum were determined
An Experimental Research on the Formation of Hepatic Fibrosis in Rats Induced by High Fat Diet and Alcohol
In addition to prion diseases, the method may provide a means for rapid, high-throughput testing for a wide spectrum of infections and disorders
Protective effect of phenolic hydroxyl from scutellaria baicalensisgeorgi on radiation injury in submandibular glands of mice
The number of IgA secreting cells of jejunum in piglets of FOS group was significantly higher than that of HFA group(PIgA secreting cells than HFA group, However there is no significant change
Conclusion The increased of the Ds is correlated with mild AR,while there are no significant difference in lengths of closed lines of aortic valve leafage and the diameter of sinus to the sinus tube junction under the three dimensional imaging.
The experiments with the distribution of crystallized dextran microparticles in phase systems derived from, for instance, dextran/polyethylene glycol (PEG) mixtures, revealed that the dextran microparticles prefer to be in the dextran phase, while another PEG phase can be dispersed in this dextran phase to form a W/W emulsion and vice versa in the case when the volume of the PEG phase is bigger than the volume of the dextran phase, as shown in Figures 11 and 12.
Effect of Early Stage Recovery Training on Patients Suffering A First Attack of Schizophrenia
The resultant reaction solution was subjected to a catalyst-removing treatment with an aqueous solution of lactic acid and then solidified with isopropyl alcohol to obtain a hydrogenated ring-opened cycloolefin copolymer.
The competitive immunological agent may have a reporter group directly bound to it.
a medicinal broth for treating post partum hypogalactia and its preparing process,
Method:In 34 cases of nasal button battery, 28 were removed under general anesthesia and 6 under local anesthesia.
The invention produces the functional nutrient biscuits being rich in dietary fibers, the edible fungus protein and various biological active mineralsubstances by utilizing the characteristics of low price, high dietary fiber and high quality protein content of the clitocybe maxima stems.
Conclusion T.O.S in children may be associated with infection around the neck.
The mPAP of LT in 44 days old(3.7 ±0. kPa) was Significantly higher than that of NT(2.7 ±1.2kPa) (P<0.01).
Step (i) also allows to produce hetero-oligomeric proteins having more than two different subunits, e.g.three or four different protein subunits.
The Center for Metabolomics and Bioanalysis in Madrid, Spain recently discovered metabolic markers that may change the way we treat atherosclerosis
solitary fibrous tumor of that pleura: report of two case
Keywords Vibrio cholerae; Leishmania donovani; toxin expression regulatory gene; bivalent oral vaccine;
Theoretically, the optimal proportioning of test starter was A2, B2, C3, D2, namely, saccharified enzyme 0.6 g(50000 u/g), liquified enzyme 0.6 g(10000 u/g), protease 0.1 g(30000 u/g), yeast 1.2 g(Angel brand) and cellulase 6 g(200 u/g). (Tran.by YUE Yang
Nevertheless, some recombinant therapeutic proteins using plant expression system are already on the market or in various stages of human clinical trials
The LDH activity of these transformants is expected to be undetectable.
A STUDY ON RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN LIPID PEROXIDATION AND ESOPHAGEAL CANCER
After drying , the protein coated on the surface was visualized using Coomassie blue staining .
The stem cell survived and proliferated after anabiosis from freeze preserving state
Activity was expressed in counts per hour (both for the total 24-h period, the dark period (active period, mice being nocturnal animals) and the light period (inactive period)).
interleukin 1 ( il-i ) is an important cytokine that mediate local and systemic inflammatory reactions and which can synergize with tnf in that pathogenesis of many disorder,
Improvement of PAGE Silver Staining Method Used in Soybean SSR Marker
Objective To approach the actions of survivin during development in brain astrocytoma by studying their mechanism of biology during the genesis of tumor.
Study the release efficiency in vivo according to the safe dosage with ibuprofen polylactide microspheres and simplicial dexoibuprofen.
Objective:To study the relationship between power spectral analysis of fetal heart rate variability and different stages of fetal distress.
Conclusion:Coptis chinensis,Scutelaria baicalensis,Prunella asiatica to diabetes foot common bacteria had different degrees of antimicrobial function,the higher the concentration the better the effect.
scanning ion microprobe
8 months on average;while the other 2 cases received two-stage re-implantation for failure of retention treatment were with no evidence of reinfcetion at a mean follow-up for 4. 75 years on average.
Study on Synthesis of Zeolite X from Bentonite by Ultrasonic Method
(b) at least one water miscible solvent and/or at least one aqueous emulsion of a hydrophobic agent, in an amount of 2 to 90% w/w, and
260. the committee is deeply concerned that persons with mental disabilities experience significantly poorer health conditions, including the higher probability to suffer from bowel cancer, breast cancer and much shorter life expectancy, than those without mental health problems (art. 12).
The changes of HBV DNA,liver biochemical indiced and hepatitis B virus markers were observed between two groups at the time of discontination treatment and discontinuation treatment ofter two years.
Better still, the researchers said, the drug works in a way that makes it very unlikely that bacteria will become resistant to it. And the method developed to produce the drug has the potential to unlock a trove of natural compounds to fight infections and cancer - molecules that were previously beyond scientists' reach because the microbes that produce them could not be grown in the laboratory.
The Kefir hawthorn and milk lactobacillus beverage belongs to food field, Kefir genetic engineering bacteria are used as the fungus, the fermented milk made by fermenting the fungus is used as the main raw material, hawthorn concentrated juice and xylitol are added into the fermented milk, and thus the Kefir hawthorn and milk lactobacillus beverage is made by adopting scientific matching and modern technology.
Study on the optimal traditional decoction process for Yinqiao San by orthogonal experiments
Effect of sodium selenite on some enzymes of coelomic fluid to the immune response of holothurian Apostichopus japonicus
target gene expression from that pTrc vector rely on host RNA polymerase transcription from a hybrid trp-lac fusion promoter.
the result indicate that E-23a is relatively available in that unbound form in plasma
To investigate the effect, in vitro, of triptolide on the proliferation and expression of the protein, pan-cadherin, in cultured primary sertoli and/or spermatogenic cells isolated from SD rat testis. METHODS: Sertoli and spermatogenic cells from rats were isolated and cultured singly or mixture of two
The Difference Expression of Peroxisome Proliferator-Activated Receptor α during Aging and the Relation to Lipid Metabolism
While much discussion has been provided of the invention's use in connection with wounds, especially penetrating wounds, and limbs, the invention may be extended to other forms of bleeding (such as intraabdominal and intra-pleural), including bleeding that otherwise would be difficult to treat (especially in the acute setting).
Synthesis of Bisphenolmonoacryates Antioxidant GM
Plasticizers, also called phthalates, are often used to soften plastic food and beverage containers. They have been shown to affect the reproductive system of laboratory animals, while more research is needed to assess the impact on humans, according to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
AIM: To investigate the effect of Qing Gan Hua Yu Qi Qing Fa in treating chronic hepatitis B.METHOD: 99atients with chronic hepatitis B were devided randomizely into treatment group (48) and control group (51
The contents of total extracellular polymeric substances(EPS) and protein in the later period were twice as much as those in the start-up period.
Clinical Study on Influences of Stimulating Neiguan Acupoint on Cardiac Function;
The invention is therefore particularly useful in an arthroscopic surgical procedure, but may also be used in an open surgical procedure.
Study of PbS Crystal Growth in Gel
in a particular prefer embodiment of that instant invention is based on the enzymatic hydrolysis of lipid by the activity of a triacylglycerol lipase, preferably a pancreas triacylglycerol lipase which is followed by a color change of a pH indicator caused by a decrease of the pH value
Objective:To evaluate the clinical effect of posterior occipital cervical fusion using CD cervical internal fixation system on occipital cervical instability.
Intravascular Embolization Therapy for the Repeated Massive Epistaxis after Craniocerebral Trauma
Treatment of Superficial Bladder Tumor by Phototherapy with Hematoporphyrin Derivatives Argon Ion Laser: A Preliminary Report of 31 Cases
In some embodiments the metabolic disorder is type I diabetes.
Genotype of Zhejiang isolates of avian infectious bronchitis virus using reverse transcript polymerase chain reaction and restriction fragment length polymorphism analysis:
In order to identify the Toxoplasma gondii recombinant GRA3 protein epitopes,prokaryotic expressed and purified fusion protein GRA3 was used for the rapid immunoassay of BALB/c mice,through ELISA screening,8 strains of Hybridoma cell which could stabilize the secretion of GRA3 protein-specific monoclonal antibody(McAb) were collected.
Following a joint UNICEF/United Nations Population Fund assessment of the need and feasibility of prevention of mother-to-child transmission (PMCT) interventions, 2001 saw the launch of two PMCT pilots projects in areas of high maternal HIV incidence, one in Tachileik and the other in Kawthaung, both of which are in the border regions.
Study on Inhibition of A Kind of Photosensitizer(B1143) on KB Cells
The scanner can be linked to a computer loaded with software capable of calculating grayscale measurements , and the grayscale measurements are calculated to provide a quantitative measure of the amount of nucleic acid detected .
Feasibility analysis of coronary angiography by transradial approach with 4 F catheter
An advantage of this configuration is the positional relationship between the CT data obtained by the radiation imaging apparatus 100 and the CT data of the entire body obtained by the entire body CT scanner apparatus 200 is known.
Dynamic Analysis of T Lymphocyte and Subset in 95 SARS Patients
STUDIES ON VITAMIN NUTRITION FOR THE PRAWN PENAEUS CHINENSIS V. NUTRITIONAL STUDIES ON PRAWN, PENAEUS CHINENSIS, FOR VITAMIN C
Study on Bioequivalence of Sterile Lyophilized Preparation Thymosin Alpha 1 in Healthy Volunteers
This occurs when the heart chambers are unable to expand sufficiently during diastole (period of heart relaxation in which the chambers fill with blood) and hence blood volume in the ventricles is inadequate.
Typical saturated examples include pyrrolidinyl, imidazolidinyl, pyrazolidinyl, tetrahydrofuranyl, tetrahydropyranyl, piperidyl, piperazinyl, quinuclidinyl, morpholinyl, and dioxacyclohexyl.
The item of matter in which patient persists 51 is prevention information that is output for a thing in which a patient persists, and the item of symptom that caregiver puzzles 52 is prevention information for preventing a status where a caregiver has a burden from occurring.
high resolution tem reveal that typical cnts grown on a 3 nm thick fe / ta bilayer were hollow multi-wall carbon nanotube with 5 walls and a diameter of about 10 nm
The re-sult showed that the above-mentioned 4 parameters inACT and CAS groups significantly increased as com-pared with the controls(P> 0.01), also they increasedmore significantly in ACT group than CAS group(P< 0.01
Synthesis and characterization of tetrakis( p glycyl glycinephenyl)porphin and its ytterbium,samarium complexes
The patency at 0,10 min, 24 h of Y maze were lower in rats of 20 d and increased after cessation of lead-exposed;
Chemical Composition and Biological Activity of the Essential Oil of Ruta graveolens
Sequence analysis results showed that RBSDV S9 (1 900 bp) contained two non-overlapping ORFs encoding 39.9 ku and 24.2 ku proteins respectively. The sequence homology was 89% between Chinese RBSDV S9 and Japanese RBSDV S9 and 86% between Chinese RBSDV S9 and Italian MRDV S8
Objective To study the diagnosis and treatment of renal tuberculosis (TB).
Mechanism ofstopping bleeding and rebleedingin hypertensivebrain hemorrhage,as wellasinfluence of vasodilator
Surgical Treatment of Small Hepertocellular Carcinoma Complicated with Bile Duct Embolus
Factors Related with Understanding of Stroke in Patients;
These results suggest that PBMC of patients with RSV ALRI can be infected by RSV, which may result in more severe damage of immunologically active cells and cellular immunological disturbance
syntehsis method plant sterol or/and plant steroid alkanol-beta-D-glucoside compound
Methods (1) Compared the levels of mRNA after 24, 48, 72 hours that M. tuberculosis H37Rv were treated with no drugs, rifampin isoniazid, ethambutol. streptomycin and ofloxacin. The levels of mRNA were determined by quantitative RT-PCR.
Selective Amygdalohippocampectomy for Intractable Temporal Epilepsy
extracts and compositions of the invention may be incorporated into leave-on preparations: wipes; towelettes; swabs; lotions; salves; gels; creams; oils; ointments; pastes; balms; tinctures; emulsions; colloidal suspensions; lipsticks; and stick compositions.
Macrophage activity and hypersensitivity were evaluated in female C57BL/ 6 mice vaccinated with three Schistosomular vaccines. The results showed that in vivo the activated macrophages collected from live vaccine groups exhibited strong larvacidal activity. The cytotoxic activity of group Ⅰ & Ⅱ was significantly stronger than that of group Ⅲ & control group (P
Results The contents of LPO in venous blood of Ⅱ°and Ⅲ°scleredema were 3.74 ±0.32 nmol/L and 5. 19 ±0.65 nmol/L respectively(Ppneumorrhagia were 11.32% and 25.6% resnectively (p< 0.01
Synthesis and Activity Screening of β3 Adrenergic Agonists
Inflammatory bowel disease after liver transplantation: A role for cytomegalovi-rus infection
Biothera determined that the VOC are produced during the manufacturing process via fatty acid decomposition reactions as a result of removal of the lipids using an alkali wash procedure, and that the presence of trace VOC is common to many yeast food ingredients and beta-glucan dietary supplements.
CLINIC DATA & METHODWe collected 60 cases who underwent cystectomy and receive a ileal neobladder in the urologic department of the First Affiliated Hospital of Medical College of Zhejiang University from March 1993 to July 2002.We reviewed their clinic data and followed up 56 cases triumphantly (48 males and 8 females) with a mean age of 59.5 years, ranged form 28 to 78 years old at the operative time
The predicted amino acid sequence shared high homologies with other PSY proteins in other plants,which was 90% with PSY of Allium sativum.It was preliminarily proved to be the target gene.
The area under the ROC curve(AUC) was 0. 873(95% CI: 0. 851-0. 893) predicting T2DM within 5 years,and also had adequate performance in three testing samples(AUC range: 0. 819-0. 850).
In order to clarify the effect of different stand types on the genetic structure of Dendrolinus tabulaeformis, we determined a 554 bp segment of the mitochondrial cytochrome oxidase subunit (COⅠ) gene sequence of D. tabulaeformis populations from of 4 types of stands, and then analyzed the sequence variability and genetic differentiation.
the stress generate due to that load applied to the distal end of the leg bar 10 is not concentrate on the bent part 13 and is distributed over the entire leg bar 10, whereby it is possible to prevent the stabilizer bar 1 from bee broken at the bent part 13
The value and suitble dosage of dobutamine stress echocardiography assessing hibernating myocardium
Multi-component Kinetic Modeling on Biomass Pyrolysis
phosphoric acid partial esters and their alkali metal and ammonium salts, preferably alkyl and alkylaryl phosphates having 8 to 20 carbon atoms in the alkyl or alkylaryl radical and 1 to 5 ethylene oxide units;
Results In the hyperthermia group,compared to the control group,the proliferative activities of neuroepithelial cells decreased significantly(P<0.01),the apoptosis percentage increased.
The user's state may be a state represented by the bio- and kinetic information itself or may be a psychological or emotional state estimated from the bio- and kinetic information
The optimal IPTG concentration to induce prokaryotic expression of NA is 0. 1 mmol/L.
Study on catalytic synthesis of palmitic acid 2-ethylhexyl ester
and breaks through the bottleneck constraining Treg application in the hope of being applied to the repulsion-resisting treatment of clinical organ transplantation finally.
INFECTIONAL EXPERIMENT IN ANIMALS AND DRUG-SENSITIVITY TEST ON A NEW GENUS OF PERIODONTOPATHY PATHOGENIC BACTERIUM
recently , a diagnostic reagent detecting malarial antigens has been commercially available .
The knee prosthesis 3.11 is designed to replace at least a portion of a knee joint 13 between a distal end 17 of a femur 15 and a proximal end 21 of a tibia 19, as shown in FIGS. 6-11.
Five racemic amines was obtained in 55%~85% yield from appropriate ketones and ammonium formate by the Leuckart reaction.
The median survival duration of transfused patients (86 weeks) was significantly lower than that of non-transfused patients (183 weeks) (x2 = 10.4,P<0.01). There was a significant difference in the survival rates of 1,3 and 5 years between transfused and non-transfused patients (P < 0.05 or P<0.01).
Therefore, anything which is found to restrict lymphatic flow within the breast is a contraindication of breast health and should be avoided.
Study on the degree of polyenoic fatty acids to alleviate the influence of 5-FU on immune system in mice
since capillary action is determined by the viscosity of the liquid in question and the dimensions and composition of the material forming the capillary, the shape of the lumen 28 and the composition of the channeling member 26 can be selected so that the liquid to be tested will be drawn through capillary action into the lumen 28.
Changes of Osteocalcin in Bone and Bone Marrow in Tail Suspended Rats
A 30-kDa protein synthesized primarily in the ANTERIOR PITUITARY GLAND and the HYPOTHALAMUS.
In the process of producing a soybean protein powder, a soybean protein solution is once powdered by spray drying. Then from 0.5 to 3 parts by weight of dextrin having a DE value of 10 to 25 is sprayed as an excipient solution onto 100 parts by weight of the soybean protein powder and adhered thereto. The thus obtained powdery soybean protein material is highly dispersible in water even under weakly stirring and yet sustains a sufficient gel-formability.
in that above reaction scheme invol species I, J and K, route are demonstrated for modifying the hydrophilicity/lipophilicity balance of the conjugating polymer.
Relationship between TSLP polymorphism and genetic susceptibility of bronchial asthma
The result showed that the growth of Haemophilus parasuis serotype 5 strain went in the logarithmic growth phase after 6 hours post-inoculation(hpi), and reached the peak after 24 h,and then remained at the same level afer 20-30 h,which indicated that the bacteria entered the stable phase.After 30 h, the bacteria showed a downward trend,meaning going into the recession phase.
synthesis method of acrylonitrile and chloroethylene copolymer
Conclusion The protective effect of high-frequency electroacupunture in PC6 may be related to that it can inhibit the decrease of NO content around PC6,PC2 and PC4 and improve the activity of NOS around PC6,TE5 and ST36.
Tension-free hernia repair manner in the treatment of patients with incisional hernia of abdominal wall
Molecular identification of six medicinal Curcuma plants produced in Sichuan: Evidence from plastid trnK gene sequences
Furthermore, at the next step 120, after the dilation amount data expressing the determined dilation amount has been stored on the hard disk 20D, the current dilation amount calculation program is ended.
Results:In the normal colorectal tissues, there were 3 cases wi th positive Cyclin A expression, 27 cases with negative expression, The positive rate of Cyclin A in the normal colorectal tissues was 10%;
in addition, that transfer factor can be use for treating a pig infect with the swine fever virus so as to effectively relieve the clinical symptoms, improve the curative rate, and reduce the mortality rate.
Influence of Chinese medicine Shanwei Decoction on p21 in cases from precancerous lesions in chronic atrophic gastritis
Analysis of the interaction of the polymorphisms of presenilin 1 gene and ApoE gene in Alzheimer's disease
Carbon dioxide formed by hydrolysis of isocyanate end groups is therefore trapped, producing a foamed hydrogel.
each R3 is independently selected from the group consisting of halogen, cyano, C1-C4-alkyl, C1-C4-haloalkyl, C1-C4-alkoxy and C1-C4-haloalkoxy
Since 1981,53 red wheat cultivars have been released in this area.The changes in yield,quality and disease resistance of red wheat cultivars released in different periods were surveyed by means of analyzing the data of cultivar’s regional trials.
in an embodiment that cellulase produce is a cellulase complex homologous to a host cell of the genus Trichoderma, preferably a strain of Trichoderma reesei.
Conclusion:The basilic vein was the best vein for venipuncture or hemospasia in the absence of the median cubital vein
Results:The benign tumor ablated completely;a superficial anabrosis was formed in the mucosa,and cicatrized within one or two weeks.
days later, The immunohistochemical method and Enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay was used respectively to identify the volume of TGF-β1 in intraperitoneal adhesion tissue and the concentration in blood or in peritoneal fluid
for both the skin and muscle administrations,
which forms endospores when it is cultured in lb liquid medium or solid medium for at least 70 hours.
The electrochemical sensor based on the molecular engram has the advantages of quick response, high selectivity, high sensitivity and the like on the molecular engram, the aim of identifying molecules is fulfilled, and detection of the dopamine in the presence of high-concentration ascorbic acid is realized.
hydrothermal synthesis of Nano-TiO_2
The measured area has poor circulation.
After the steatohepatitis model was achieved, the plasma levels of Endotoxin(ET), Tumor necrosis factor- a (TNF- a ),Free fat acid(FFA ) and MDA were measured respectively.
HSPs and acute pancreatitis
Method for preparing ultra-hydrophobic surface on titanium-alloy
Methods A total of 83 Graves patients with hepatic dysfunction were given 131I therapy,the changes of hepatic functions(ALT,AST,ALP,A/G)and thyroid hormone(FT3,FT4) were determined before treatment,after treatment 2 weeks,1 month,3 months,6 months.Results Compared with before treatment,the hepatic functions(ALT,AST,ALP,A/G) after treatment 2 weeks,1 month was no significantly change(P>0.
synthesis of some N-ferrocenylalkylaziridine derivative Bian
MolMed S.p.A. is a medical biotechnology company focused on discovery, R&D, and clinical validation of innovative therapies for the treatment of cancer.
Most of cyst-associated renal cell carcinomas belong to low stages
Bcl-2 probably play an important role in the acute transformation of chronic myelogenous leukemia.
Co-segregation analysis of T-DNA tag with mutant phenotype confirmed that the mutant phenotypes were not due to T-DNA insertion in the genome.
Diet collaborative activities is equal to victory
[Results] The TH1 of patients with intrinsic asthma was lower than the normal group (P <0.05).
Methods A total of 200 cases undergoing LC were randomly divided into two groups(n=100 in each group):control group and observation group.The patients were performed the insertion of nasogastric tube,catheter and skin preparation in control group,but not in observation group.
in a preferred embodiment that low molecular weight molecule are a mixture of molecules part of have and part of not having functional groups for effecting hydrogen bon with each other
Research progress on bioactivity of anthraquinones
Conclusion:Nursing risk management in CCU significantly decreases the nursing defects and increase the satisfaction degree and the quality of nursing services,which can be popularized clinically.
however, it produce only slight cytotoxic effect on non-target cell K562. when 10-min cytotoxicity assay was performed to manifest its specific tumor-killing effect, an obvious cytotoxic CEM was observe with that LD50 being 14.79 μg/ml, but hardly on K562. these results suggest that AHTG-Dex-DNR possess specific cytotoxic effect.
Other IFN alpha 2mutants conjugates by IFN alpha 2mutants with water soluble polymer coupling and preparation.
Investigation of Arterial Stenosis or Occlusion in the Head and Neck: A Controlled Study of MR Angiography and Color Doppler Sonography
the Chinese medicine granule for prevent and treating respiratory tract infection is prepare with eucalyptus leaf, honeysuckle, isatis leaf, isatis root, forsythia and other Chinese medicinal materials, and through stoving, crushing, leach, separation, vacuum concentration, spray drying and pelletizing
AES, XPS, TEM and X-ray diffraction examinations were performed to study comprehensively the structures and compositions of the samples.
Effects of Electrical Stimulation to the Dorsal Motor Vagal Nudens ucleus on HE-ECG Signals
Effects of Ditong Rhinities Water on the Inflammation in Experimental Animal
4. Model of Swelling Induced by Carrageenan in Rats
The study of the nutrition Requirement of Bacillus licheniformis
Angiographic manifestations of collateral circulation in Budd Chiari syndrome
The cDNA gene of HNP-1 belongs to the α -defensin is recombined with J chain cDNA, then the recombinant is inserted into the mammalian express system to express. Then we investigate the expressed product's anti-bacteria effect in vitro in order to provide the evidence for the further study on the anti-bacteria effect inside the epithelial cell of mucus membrane
howe, under these circumstance cholinesterase would enter that salia by simple diffusion and therefore actiity should be correlated with saliary flow rate.
The airflow limitation is usually progressive and associated with abnormal inflammatory response of the lungs to noxious particles or gases.
To achieve this balance, certain established pathogen inactivation protocols for platelets require that the platelets be suspended in a selected quantity of the synthetic medium relative to the quantity of plasma.
In this study, we could establish good correlation between mRNA and protein levels in the sole case, CRK7, analyzed as a p
STUDY ON PATHOLOGY OF VESICULAR STOMATITIS
initially, that portion of the spinal column to be treat is identified and access from a posterior approach using known surgical techniques.
An alkanediol and a dialkyl carbonate are prepared in a process comprising:
Preliminary Observation of Morphological Influences of a String of Copper Beads 394 IUD and TCu 220c on Endometrium
the reason for ineffective treatment of 11 cases of drug-fast pulmonary tuberculosis
Research Of Surfactin Produced by Bacillus subtilis ATCC2233
The effects of pH and acid-modification for clays on adsorption are also examined. The pH curves of phosphate adsorption are peak-shaped and the dominant adsorption is considered as anion exchange reactions in pH 8.5the precipitation adsorption is dominant.
the compounds of this invention may be used in the prevention and treatment of chancroids , the venereal disease caused by this bacteria .
the relation between VEGF and nasopharyngeal carcinoma
Effects of hypoxia on biological function of the neurons in the hippocampus of the rat
The RHRs of 150 healthy subjects (male 80; female 70) in the supine were detected by computerized system for analyzing the electrocardiosignals.
Through acetylation,demethylation and sulfonation,2-hydroxy-4-methoxy-5-sulfonic acid benzophenone was synthesized from resorcinol and the experimental conditions,such as materials ratio,reaction temperature and reaction time,were investigated.
Conclusion: PostC can significantly decrease the cardiomyocyte apoptosis after I/R injury, in which Bcl-xl and Bcl-xs mRNA involved in I/R-induced myocardial apoptosis.
The groups were as follows:group A with basal diet and as control group,group B with basal diet and antibiotics(50 mg·kg-1 zinc bacitracin),group C with basal diet and 250 mg·kg-1 sodium butyrate,group D with basal diet and 500 mg·kg-1 sodium butyrate,and group E with basal diet and 750 mg·kg-1 sodium butyrate.Average daily gain and average daily feed intake of chickens at 7,14,and 21 days old were recorded.
Expression of Osteoprotegerin and Osteoprotegerin Ligand in the Repairing Process of Mandibular Defect in Rabbit with Shangke Jiegu tablets
investigation and analysis on parent' awareness on that current situation of their children's malalignment and malocclusion among first-time pediatric dentitry visitors
The work in this paper includes the following:1 The monomer repeat of spider dragline silk protein was designed with the RGD motif introduced into the monomer sequence which involves the cell adhesion, and the gene encoding for the monomer repeat was synthesized by chemistry Then the monomer repeat was used to construct the multimers by the "the head to tail" strategy.The repeat unit was doubled after every step of constructing.The obtained 8-multimer and 16-multimer recombinants were named as pSDR-8 and pSDR-16 respectively
These results would be the basis of production of recombinant FSH and study of long-acting hormone for the future
TQT intervals were measured from the 12-lead ECGs of 10 822 randomly selected middle-aged subjects(5658 males,mean age 44+/-8.4 years)enrolled in a population study and followed up for 29+/-10 years.
The present invention therefore provides a multi-dosage liquid pharmaceutical formulation of human growth hormone consisting essentially of human growth hormone at a concentration of from about 5 mg/ml to about 100 mg/ml, glycine, an aqueous buffer, a non-ionic surfactant and a preservative, said pharmaceutical formulation having a tonicity of from about 100 to about 500 mosm/kg and having a pH of from about 6.1 to about 6.3.
Severe patients turning-over blanket
The incidence varies from 0. 6% to 1. 4% of all vaginal deliveries. Up to 30% of shoulder dystocias can result in brachial plexus injury
ResultsRoutine group maternal anomalies in 132 cases,the incidence of 33%,newborn anomalies in 127 cases,the incidence rate of 31. 75%.
Objective To study the regulative role of PIPPH557A(Proline-rich Inositol Polyphosphate 5-Phosphatase Histidine 557 Alanine) on cleavage of mouse fertilized eggs.
In 2004, they showed that the two most common active ingredients in cough syrup, dextromethorphan and diphenhydramine, had the same effectiveness in treating cough symptoms as a placebo ingredient.
In radioligand binding assay of receptors , monoclonal antibody inhibited the binding of 3H-QNB to muscarinic receptor in rat salivary gland, but not in rat heart, and could not inhibit the binding of 3H-PZ to rat brain cerebral cortex membrane protein.
Effects of flupentixol and melitracen tablets in the threatment of angina on the neoadjuvant therapy PCI postoperation
which is mainly prepared from chicken extract, refined edible salt, monosodium glutamate, white sugar, cinnamon, sodium guanylate, disodium inosinate, hydrolyzed vegetable protein and yeast in a certain weight ratio.
A statistical interaction occurred between ventilator-associated pneumonia (VAP) and non-VAP subgroups, with significantly lower cure rates in tigecycline VAP patients compared to imipenem; in non-VAP patients, tigecycline was noninferior to imipenem.
Conclusion There isn’t clinical application value for CK、CK MB to diagnose myocardial injury in newborns,only TnT is specific biochemical mark.
Every group was randomly divided into three subsection 12h, 24h, 72h group after the injection. Evans blue was injected via cervical vein to five guinea pigs in every subsection 2h before sacrificed.
There were no reported or observed untoward effects at any examination time in the study.
Keywords Hepatitis B virus Moter-infant vertical transmission Levamisole liniment Hepatitis B virus immunoglobulin;
In- fectious animals were guinea pigs, infectious way was abdomen injection with H37Rv strain
Fish scales with a complete microstructure, good mechanical strength and moreover, decalcification fish scales are a transparency material and the calcification risk after implanted into organisms is low
Study on soft measurement for xylitol fermentation process
AIM: To establish a rat model for controlled spinal cord contusion injury.
Myocardial velocity gradient in evaluating regional left ventricular systolic function in patients with hypertrophic cardiomyopathy
Antibiotics are only available on prescription
Objective To study the effect of diosmin(DOSM) on expression of PECAM-1 in kidney tissue of rats following ischemia/reperfusion(I/R) injury and its kidney protection mechanism.
Imaging of T cell delivering gold nanoparticles: a pilot study in vivo
Modern TCM generally attributed children’s bronchiolitis to "asthma" or "Pneumonia Asthma" or other areas.Most of the physicians treated it from heat,phlegm,poison,blood stasis and other aspects.Modern TCM physicians positively developed other ways of treatment than just oral therapy,which largely enriched the way of treatment of the disease.
As shown in the results, the order of grey relative degree is as follows: eggshell strength, egg weight, egg-shaped index, and egg specific gravity. From the results, conclusion can be drawn that eggshell strength is the first important affecting factor, and the egg weight is the second, while the factor of egg specific gravity only affects the dominant resonant frequency slightly.
molecular weights and level of unsaturation were determined by nmr analysis.
in vitro antioxidant Properties of forsythia suspense leave flavonoids
it can be use for that treatment of infantile abdominal pain, infantile hernia, infantile indigestion emesis, dyspepsia, acute and chronic diarrhea, abdominal pain, abdominal distention, and female dysmenorrhea.
Conclusion Massive hemorrhage of gastroduodenal ulcer is critical disease, accurate diagnosis and efficient operation being the key of its treatment
Used florescence in situ hybridization(FISH)and genomic in situ hybridization(GISH)techniques to analyze the genomic organization in Narcissus tazetta var.chinensis Roem.distributed in China.Chromosome localization of 45S rDNA and 5S rDNA were studied by means of FISH on metaphase chromosomes of yellow flower narcissus and two-color flower narcissus.
the nucleic acid construct of that invention encode the polypeptide of the invention may suitably be of genomic or cDNA origin, for instance obtained by prepare a genomic or cDNA library and screening for DNA sequences coding for all or part of the polypeptide by hybridization use synthetic oligonucleotide probes in accordance with standard techniques ( cf. Sambrook et al., supra
Present Study on Immunological Treatment of Dendritic cell for Tumor
In early 80's, misoprostol is currently licensed primarily to prevent non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug-associated gastric and duodenal ulcers.
Twenty patients with laryngocarcinoma were equally randomly divided into two groups :cervi-cal plexus block plus endotracheal anesthesia (CPB+EA) group (n=10) and single endotracheal anesthesia (EA)group (n = 10).
The mean value ± standard deviation of change from baseline to Week 12 in HOMA-β of subjects in placebo group, SP2086 50mg group, SP2086 100mg group, SP2086 200mg group and MK0431 100mg group included in FAS was 12.38±32.87, 15.04±36.27, 29.30±60.84, 13.41±46.30 and 18.81±35.87(%) respectively; the 95% confidence interval estimate was [0.73, 24.04], [2.38, 27.69], [7.72, 50.87], [-4.20, 31.03] and [5.65, 31.96] respectively.
Blood supply of the supraspinatus and its clinical significance
RESULTS ① Nef (15 mg·kg -1 , ip) exhibited a definite protective effect on poisoning mice, and the mortality of the animals treated with Nef was significantly lower than that of the control group with normal saline ( P 0 05).
Methods: Reverse phase high performance liquid chromatography(RP-HPLC) with Uv and Flu detector in tandem was used to measure the contents of resveratrol and its glucoside in Polygonum Cuspidatum extrac.
Objective :To observe the change of the LD,LAF,CD +_ 18 ,SICAM-1 of the control group,acute asthma group and treated group with Pingchuan Ning.
Once the occlusion event is detected the surgical parameters of the system can be adjusted.
Studies on Cellulose-Based Magnetic Polyamidoxime Adsorbents©¤©¤ Adsorption Kinetics of Adsorbents for KMnO_4
Objective: This biomechanical study compares four different techniques of fixation of middle third clavicular fractures
The levels of IL 4 and IL 10 in AIT group [(50±11) ng/L and (140±37) ng/L, respectively] were higher than those in NAIT group[(23±11) ng/L and (52±28) ng/L]±( P <0.05).
The production of milk flavor by enzymatic interesterification of butter in non-aqueous system is studied in the paper
Applying sodium ferrocyanide did not show any alleviation effect on the seedling growth and nitrogen metabolism under salt stress.As a NO-scavenger, c-PTIO inhibited the growth and nitrogen metabolism under salt stress, but the inhibition effect could be mitigated by supplementing SNP.
Solidification structure and solid solution-aging behavior of the composites were investigated by XRD (X-ray diffraction), SEM (scanning electron microscope) and Vickers hardness tester.
study on nerve discharge of peripheral afferent innervated ST36 evoke by Manual acupuncture at different acupoints in rats
The study of A561C polymorpnisms of E-selectin in the chronic hepatitis B
The management of patients with SJS requires rapid diagnosis,interruption of the suspected drug,evaluation of the prognosis and specialized supportive care.
It is suggested that SM can improve cerebral circulation, with a certain degree of selectivity
41. The process according to claim 40, wherein the acid solution is either sulphuric acid, hydrochloric acid or nitric acid having a concentration in the range of 0.5M to 5.0M.
The utility model relates to a coronary frame for drug releasing coating.
And negatively correlated to the coefficient of variance.The HSC value of Qianyou 30(Qianza 2501) was up to 98. 08%,the mean fitness was 56. 250%,significantly higher than CK.
chimeric (murine variable, human constant) mab to CD20
The mean age was 51 years old (22-80 years old). We selected 10 borderline cystadenoma of the same period, 6 borderline serous cystadenoma, 4 borderline mucinous cystadenoma; 10 benign ovary tumor, 5 serous cystadenoma, 5 mucinous cystadenoma
MR perfusion imaging in brain tumors
As such LAD subjects have a diminished capacity of phagocytic cells to migrate to sites of infection, the first step in defense against infections.
the oral liquid can be use for treating diabetes, uremia, hypertension, nephritis, etc
Compared with first infarction patients, the reinfarction patients significantly more frequently had ventricular aneurysm(37.5% vs 19.6%, P=(0.0416)) and less frequently cardiac rupture(12.5% vs(29.4%,) P=0.0306
Radical bromination of 3-methylthiophene with NBS by photoinition and AIBN inition has been investigated.It shows that when reaction temperature is less than 25 ℃ only 3-methyl-2-bromothiophene is synthesized by photoinition.
Manual operating device for bone surgery assisted robot
strength of evidence for perioperative use of statin to reduce cardiovascular risk: systematic review of controlled study
left ventricular hypertrophy and serum ACE level, ambulatory blood pressure monitor in hypertension
Conclusion VTC of RT3DE can measure left ventricular PFR accurately,and evaluate left ventricular diastolic function in patients with HF.
contacting the sample with a capture antibody immobilized on a substrate to provide a capture antibody-analyte complex;
Results The 1 256 reports about adverse reactions with 8 560 cases were collected,in the 465 Common Chinese Herbal Pieces.
Total RNA was isolated from rice samples as described by Logemann et al.[39], electrophoretically separated in the denaturing formaldehyde agarose gel, and blotted onto nylon membranes
Objective:To investingate the in vitro experimental method of forecasting whether the psychiatric patients are adaptable to taking clozapine.
the single fluid ink contains a hydrogen bonding vinyl polymer, which may be a branched vinyl polymer, in combination with other resins in the ink composition.
DC are cultured ex vivo from CD34+ stem cells or CD14+ peripheral blood monocytes using cytokines, principally GM-CSF, IL-4 and TNF.alpha.
One subject reported sleeping poorly, which corresponded to short total sleep time in the PSG.
contraceptive use rose from 65 to 73 per cent during the same period, the number of deliveries under medical care rose from 7 to more than 9 out of 10, and fertility is now near the replacement rate.
investigation on effect of puerarin against memory impairment in mice induced by chronic alcoholism
the preparation is effective in inhibit testosterone 5ALPHA-reductase, and used for promote hair growth
(i) arginine (R), threonine (T), or asparagine (N) at amino acid position 20 using AHo numbering system (amino acid position 19 using Kabat numbering system);
study on reproductive toxicity of hydroxyurea in male rat
②There was no statistical difference in clinical curative effects between the 2 groups(Z=-4. 234,P=0. 662).
There was no significant difference in PCA activity between Alb 110, Alb 111 infected group and MHV-A59 group. Cotransfection I gene expression construct with a reporter construct containing mfgl2 promoter in CHO cells displayed no significant difference in luciferase activity compared with nontransfected CHO cells. CONCLUSION: Domain I of nucleocapsid protein of murine hepatitis virus strain 3 upregulates the transcription of mfgl2 prothrimbinase/fibroleukin gene.
Examples of the reactive derivatives include an active ester or an acid halide of carboxylic acid.
include separating a third substantially solid biomas fraction from a third substantially liquid fraction comprising neutral lipids, wherein that third substantially solid biomass fraction
Their morphological anatomy characteristics were observed, analysed and compared, according to their photosynthesis ability, drought resistance and adaptability the strains were classfied. The drought resistance and photosynthesis strains were selected and appropriate uses were discussed.
Objective : To study the instabilities of 5 microsatellite markers on chromosome 8,9 and 17 in chronic myeloid leukemia (CML), and to investigate the possible genetic abnormalities that are associated with the pathogenesis and progression of CML and
improve gan powder sample were prepared for transmission electron microscopy and electron diffraction by sonication in methanol for about half an hour.
Purpura, arthritis, gastrointestinal symptoms and symptoms of renal damage occurred in the percentage of 100%, 30.8%, 51.9% and 31.6% respectively
Result:The parameters have no significant difference.Conclusion:There were no drug-drug interaction.
Hyperspectral imaging technology can directly distinguish myelin sheaths in peripheral nerve sections.
Conclusion The prognosis of local resection is related not only to tumor size, extent of invasion, metastasis to lymph node, but also to pathologic types and differentiation.
Crude product was purified by reverse-phase chromatography using a Microsorb 100-10 BDS 4 inch column.
study on specific property of epoxy acrylate adhesive
2 . bacterial colony counts in peritoneal exudate and in the abscess ( post- mortem ) : for culture to determine quantitative bacterial counts in the purulent exudate , the abscesses are incised by aseptic techniques .
There is no reason to think that tapeworm cancer is about to become a threat to public health. The patient’s immune system had been compromised by H.I.V., and he died several months later
Methods : A retrospective clinical data analysis of 38 cases in patients with colorectal injury from 2005 to 2010. Results : Sigmoid colostomy with debridement, second stage closing fistula in 28 cases, direct debridement in 10 cases, sigmoid colostomy in 1 case of poor wound healing.
Interpolymer" refers to a polymer having polymerized therein at least two monomers.
[SJ]Analyze the relevance of correlated quantities.
study on that technique for resistant mung bean starch preparation.
the invention relates to a polypeptide comprising:
In attempt to study physiologic responses of Vicia faba L. to salt-alkali stress,seedlings of Vicia faba L. were treated with three different combinations of salts,KCl/NaCl,KCl/Na2CO3,KCl/Na2SO4,for 2 weeks.The fresh weight of seedlings and malondialdehyde(MDA) were then measured,and free proline contents and antioxidant enzymes activity of leaf were further analyzed.
01) and △IMT.Conclusion:The serun ApoB/A1 ration are significantly correlation with carotid IMT;It maybe reflect the severity of atheroscleros(AS).
The invention provides methods and compositions for treating adverse conditions of the liver in an individual.
The Flow Injection Mercury System (FIMS, PERKIN ELMER As90) for testing mercury was used.In addition, XRD, SEM and SDT were used for samples characterization
the effects of treat group was better than control group (p<0. 05,or p<0. 01) .
Missense mutations resulting in amino acid protein designated is replaced for another, especially the replacement of non conservative amino acid replacement.
The present invention relates to a method to control differentiation of human pluripotent stem cells, including human balstocyst derived stem (hBS) cells and to obtain specific endoderm cells.
in transgenic mice with target inactivation of that α-2B-adrenoceptor gene, intravenously administered α-2-adrenoceptor agonist fail to induce the characteristic blood pressure elevation, which is seen in normal animals and also in humans after large dose of such drugs ( Link et al., 1996
Advances on Molecular Biology of Phytase from Bacillus
The hydro-thermal treatment preparation method comprises that the metallic oxide precursor, water, the organic solvent, the acid and the additive are mixed and made into sol, the sol and Nafion solution are mixed and stirred evenly, to which phosphoric acid is added, even mixed sol is obtained after strong stir, the sol is poured in a container or on a base plate, the sol is solidified and molded and gel is fabricated, the hydro-thermal processing is carried out on the gel, and the proton conductive material is fabricated.
Results A total of 2 960 000 serum samples were tested in the period from 1986 to 2000, among which 107 samples were confirmed to have been infected with HIV. The HIV positive rate was 3.61/100 000, and the ratio of male to female was 2.82:1. Among the HIV infected people, those aged 20 years to 44 years accounted for 82.24% and most of them were farmers
The PP nucleated by A showed higher crystallization temperature and comprehensive mechanical properties while the PP nucleated by B displayed better transparency.
The positive samples were inoculated into MDCK cells for virus isolation.The HA genes of influenza A viruses were amplified by RT-PCR and were subject to sequence.
Screening for congenital hypothyroidism in neonates of Zhejiang Province during 1999-2004
investigation on relative factor and countermeasure on nurse and patient relationship in that paediatrc clinic
in another example, H. pylori dependent gastric mucosa associate lymphoid tissue ( MALT ) lymphomas are characterize as having several methylated nucleic acid regions, while those nucleic acid region in H. pylori independent MALT lymphomas are not methylated
Results:The total 188 focuses in 65 patients were thoroughly removed.The masses varied from 0. 5 to 3. 6 cm in diameter by longitudinal measurement,and 113 were impalpable lesions(60%).The operation duration was 15 min on average.
Objective To explore the relation between the corneal alkali burn and the change of Glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G-6-PD) and collagenase
Biotechmycin(4″acylspiramycin), a mixture of spiramycin derivatives, is a new antibiotic produced by a genetic engineering strain constructed by introducing ist gene from Streptomyces thermotolerans into the chromosome of Streptomyces spiramyceticus through homologous double-crossover. The main component of the mixture is 4″ isovaleryl spiramycin, the product of isovaleryltransferase which catalyzes the addition of isovaleryl onto 4″ position of 4″-OH spiramycin
within the scope of the definitions of the substituents, c, -c4alkyl groups are, for example, methyl, ethyl, n-propyl, isopropyl, n-butyl, sec-butyl, isobutyl or t-butyl, whilst c, -c4alkoxy groups are, for example, methoxy, ethoxy, n-propoxy, isopropoxy, n-, sec-, iso-or t-butoxy.
We also know that the incidence of hearing loss varies by age.
in that DMT proces, dimethyl terephthalate ( DMT ) is reacted with ethylene glycol in an ester interchange reaction ( transesterification ) to yield bis ( 2-hydroxyethyl ) terephthalate ( monome ) and methanol.
Results OB cultured on type Ⅰ collage n layer had the following characteristicis: ① The amounts of adhesive cells we re maximal top in 25 μg/ml final concentration
A thorough analysis of hematopoietic stem cells is fundamental to a comprehensive understanding of the developmental biology of the hematolymphoid system.
Ultrastructure Changes of Olfactory Epithelium of the Patients with Olfactory Disorders Caused by the Common Cold
the recombinant expression plasmid or pAAV LacZ plasmid were co transfect into that HEK 293 cells with pHelper and pAAV RC by calcium phosphate precipitation method
Studies on Cultural Practice for Two-line Medium Indica Hybrid Rice Combinatio-65002
Objective:To investigate the effect of Baiyu Jianpi Decoction in the treatment of chronic fatigue syndrome(CFS).
controlled study of therapeutic effects between domestic and imported ofloxacin in 26 patients(M 13, F 13; age 26 ± 7 a) and 28 patients(M 19, F 9; age 28 ± 9a) with typhoid and paratyphoid fever respectively was done
Objective: To investigate the clinical characteristics of female clitoral priapism
influence of reprocess dialysers with electrolyze strong acid aqueous solution on dialysis efficiency
The patient’s overall efficacy was evaluated according to Stauffer-Coventry’s(SC) evaluation criteria.Results According to quantitive evaluation system,total scores of each patient were not less than 60 points,subjective symptom scores were not less than 13 points,psychosocial factor scores were not smaller than 9 points,objective signs scores were not less than 10 points and imaging scores were not less than 17 points.
Subcellular localization prediction of proteins containing fibronectin domains can promote protein function research and development of new biomaterials.
Preparation method of medicament solid preparation and obtained medicament solid preparation
High risk factors for senile patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
Study on Colour Reaction of Sc ( III)-ECR-CTMAB System and Its Applications
To study the differences of ischemic reperfusion injuries based on exercise-induced and hypertensive cardiac hypertrophy, the tissue injury markers were investigated on isolated perfused rat heart
At step 520 the gantry is returned to a zero degree position and the focal spot is optimized for mammography imaging.
Examples of known PPAR alpha agonists variously useful for hyperlipidemia, diabetes, or atherosclerosis include fibrates such as fenofibrate (Fournier), gemfibrozil (Parke-Davis/Pfizer, Mylan, Watson), clofibrate (Wyeth-Ayerst, Novopharm), bezafibrate, and ciprofibrate and ureidofibrates such as GW 7647, GW 9578, and GW 9820 (GlaxoSmithKline).
Miscellaneous group, which includes ectopic neurohypophysis, chronic stages of multiple sclerosis and neurofibromatosis type I
the three substituent groups are each independently selected from alkyls , alkenyls , halogen , substituted alkyls , aryls , arylhalides , alkoxy and halides .
include a buff solution, reduced coenzyme, citrate cleavage enzyme, aldehyde dehydrogenase and a stabilize.
Methods of producing human stem cells by parthenogenetically activating human oocytes by manipulation of oxygen tension, including manipulation of Ca2+ under high 02 tension using anionophore and contacting oocytes with serine threonine kinase inhibitors (DMAP) under low 02 tension, isolating inner cell masses (ICMs) from the activated oocytes, and culturing the cells of the isolated ICMs under high 02 tension.
Its emergence has a relationship with the society in whish they live,families,age,school environment and its own characteristics.
History study circle has done deep research on the founding of the Chinese Soviet Republic and most scholars think that it was a product of the radical Left line at that time.
study on distribution of cardiac electric field around that isolate heart of guinea pig
implant denture substructure
Results The results showed that the levels of α1 - mG、β2 - mG and albumin were markedly increased in the SLE group.
STUDY ON THE ~1H NMR AND STEREOCHEMISTRY OF SUBSTITUTED TETRAHYDRO-β-CARBOLINES
As HCV infected the phenomenon of HBV reproduction inhibited was not showed. When hepatocirrhosis the biochemistric indices of hepatic function did not show a significance difference betweent the patients with the dual infection of HCV and HBV and the patients only infected by HBV, but there were more complications in the patients with the dual infection.
6181 Methods for recovering isoflavones and derivatives thereof from soy molasses
Objective:To carry out an investigation of the prevalence and risk factors of depression in the elderly who comorbided with chronic somatic disorders in the community of Pudong new area.
The data in table 5 clearly show that in the presence of 1 mM of Zn2+ a faster hydrolysis reaction of DL-tert-leucine amide by the L-amidase from O.anthropi NCIMB 40321 is obtained than in the presence of an equimolar amount of Mg2+ or in the absence of an additional divalent metal ion.
According to the characteristics of interaction between insects and plants,the relationship between insects and plants obtained in general is the co-evolution, including resistance and use of each other between insects and plants.
Cyclopropyl , Cyclopentyl and cyclohexyl are preferred .
Talking about the Quality Training of Advisory Liberians in Digital Environment
Purpose:To research the relationship between cell cycle control and expression of P 53 protein P 21CIP1/WAF1 protein and proliferating cell nuclear antigen(PCNA) in tissure sections of penile carinoma. Methods: A total of 46 samples of pe-nile carcinoma were studied with immunohistochemical method
Decomposition of the cofactor NAD has a negative effect on the stability of the enzyme GlucDH and even accelerates its inactivation
Study on the Extraction of Protein from Wheat Germ by Reverse Micelles
Effects of the thyroxine on the release of pituitary luteinizing hormone andresponsiveness of anterior pituitary to LHRHa have been studied in the 200--250gorchidectomized rats. In 3, 6, 9, 12 days after treatment the plasma LH levelof T_4 in the 7.5 μg group was significantly lower as compared with the control(P05). Pituitaryresponsiveness to 100 μg/100g body weight LHRHa were larger than that of 500μg/100 g body weight in all groups. The elevatio
The effects of basic fibroblast growth factor on proliferation and differentiation of human dental pulp cells in vitro
The invention furthermore relates to a pharmaceutical preparation which comprises a corresponding recombinant allergen with reduced or diminished IgE reactivity and corresponding adjuvants and excipients.
Study on Oxygen Free Radical-Mitochondria Signal Pathway with Nerve Cell Death and the Therapeutic Effect Mechanism of Edaravone Following Traumatic Brain Injury
Change of serum bilirubin concentrations and its clinical significance in patients with acute coronary artery syndrome
the prosthetic device, method, and robotic system can be configure to cause that constraint structure and bone to interact so as to constrain the prosthetic device in the bone
Methods To used SCL 90 to evaluation 60 cases of hyperplasia of mammary glands patients to compared with 60 cases of health women in the mental status in the 4 different period of the menstrual cycle.
Persistent blood flow through the aneurysmal sac was revealed in 6 aneurysms after clipping,and the clips were repositioned.Parent artery stenosis after clipping was indicated by MDS in 39 cases,and the clips were repositioned.
Effects of low-intensity laser irradiation on proliferation of cultured rabbit corneal endothelial cells in vitro
The effects of DAC and TSA on expression of TIP30 gene and CPT-11 sensibility in human colon cancer cell lines
The development of digital imaging especially in the 1990s brought digital x-ray imaging devices also to dental practices.
Laser Capsulelyses for the Posterior Capsular Fold
The serum IGF - Ⅰ levels were detected by radioimmunoassay.
use of thioketene derivatives for preventing or treating hepatitis B
An epitope is typically formed from at least seven amino acid sequence .
Objective To evaluate the feasibility and effectiveness of open-door expansive laminoplasty and unilateral lateral mass fixation for cervical spondylotic myelopathy and cervical trauma.
Methods CT scanning was performed in 32 cases with complex nasal fractures by Somatom Balance on 2mm/2mm scan. The images were reconstructed with maximum intensity projection (MIP), multi-plannar reconstruction (MPR), shaded surface display (SSD), and volume rendering (VR) mode and compared with roentgenographic images.
the present invention relates to a method of treating female anorgasmia , clitoral erectile insufficiency , vaginal engorgement , dyspareunia , or vaginismus in a female human comprising administering to said female human in need of such treatment a therapeutically effective amount of a compound of6- 4- ( lH-benzimidazol-2- ylmethyl ) piperazin-l-yl pyridin-3-ol or a pharmaceutically acceptable salt , ester , amide , or prodrug thereof .
SYNTHESIS AND CHARACTERIZATION OF SOLID COMPLEXES OF URANYL AND THORIUM NITRATES WITH 5-Br-PADAP
Clinical and pathological features of anti-neutrophil cytoplasm antibody associated systemic vasculitis in children
any suitable , cosmetically-acceptable anti-inflammatory agent comprising at least one lipoamino acid and at least one metal salt may be used herein .
Methods: The electron spin resonance(ESR) was used to observe the scavenging effect on the superoxide anion radical(O2
The specific CTL cytotoxicity activities examined by non-radioactive lactate dehydrogenase release cytotoxity assays demonstrated that the specific CTL cytotoxicity activities in co-immunization group were significantly higher than those in pVAXGE immunization group(P< 0.05) and pVAX1 control group(P< 0.01
1.2 Synthesis of 3- ( 6 - trifluoromethyl - pyridin - 3 - yl ) - propionic acid methyl ester :
Effects of head hypothermia on levels of NO, SOD, Glut in serum of patients with hypertensive intracerebral hemorrhage encephalocele
Observation of curative effect of self-made minimally invasive bone grafting instruments on bone defects plerosis
an aqueous polymer gel is formed at a corresponding initial concentration of from 15 to 50 % of monomers.
Objective:To test weather interleukin-8(IL-8)could induce the cardiac fibroblasts(CF)migration and mitogen-activated protein kinase(MAPK)signaling pathways including ERK1/2,P38,c-JNK were involved in the migration process.
Prawn Taura syndrome virus disease treatment drug composition and preparation method thereof
Pathology of Neurotrophic factor-3 combined Neural stem cell transplantation in the treatment of ischemic brain damage suckling rats
Objective:To study qualitative and com parison on chemical compositions of the parts as drug and not as drug of wild and cultivated Belamcanda chinensis (L.
There was significant difference between the two groups(P<0.05).The syndrome score decreased much more in treatment group than in control group,and no side effects occurred.
Effect of Application of Base Fertilizer in Different Periods on Shoot Growth of Apple Trees
In causal prophylactic screening test against P.yoelii,1,18 and 19 gave5/5 cures at a dose of 20 mg/kg,and 1,which still gave 4/5 cures at 10 mg/kg,seemed superior to primaquine.
As we have seen in our own in vitro studies, polydextose was fermented more slowly but it was fermented none the less so it is clearly active in the human gut.
leave of that wild type red clover ( Trifolium pratense ) were use as explants in inducements of callii on the solid media of MB-1~MB-9. MB-9 was found to be the best medium for callus growth.
it has also surprisingly been found that for sandmeyer type reactions carried out using bromide introduced as the nucleophilic species in the hydrophobic ionic liquid enhanced yields of bromide substituted aryl compounds can be obtained compared with traditional sandmeyer reactions performed in aqueous environments without using hydrophobic ionic liquids.
When SM-AKP and Sigma (RZ:3) Horseradish peroxidase(HRP) were coupled to goat-antihuman IgG, the highest titer of the conjugates was 1:6400.However, when the SM-AKP conjugat was kept at-6℃ for helf a year, the titer decreased from 1:6400 to 1:1600.
A STUDY OF LYMPHATIC METASTASIS OF GASTRIC CARCINOMA
A novel water soluble epoxy resin was synthesized by copolymerization of acrylamide and Glycidylmethacrylate.The membrane was prepared by casting the the mixture of epoxy resin in solution with gelatin used as a crosslinking agent.
Establishment of a new pig model for auxiliary partial orthotopic liver transplantation
Conclusion The transrectal ultrasound examination is helpful to the diagnosis of prostate cancer,and can provide a basis for clinical stages.
Diagnosis and treatment of renal peripelvic cysts
Research on Adsorption Force of Auto-balance Absorption-resistant Seabed Base
the result showed that that medium supply with 30% cochin warn and 70% brickbat was ideal for potted cattleya
large IV dose are necessary to achieve that desired pharmacologic effect because, it is believe, many of the parietal cells are in a resting phase ( mostly inactive ) during an IV dose given to patient who are not taking oral substances by mouth ( npo ) and, therefore, there is little active ( that which is inserted into the secretory canalicular membrane ) H+, K+-ATPase to inhibit.
ACTIVE ANALYSIS OF SOYBEAN ANTIOXIDATIVE PEOTIDE FROM SOLID STATE FERMENTATION;
the relationship between that expression of plasminogen activator, plasminogen activator inhibitor and invasion and metastasis in ovarian carcinoma
FIG. 10 shows slides of collagen repair used to assess wound healing.
Establishment of Disease-syndrome Combination Rat Model of Rheumatoid Arthritis with Spleen Deficiency
Rice blast is one of the most devastating diseases in rice.Exploitation and utilization of broad-spectrum resistance genes are considered as the most economical and effective ways to control the disease.
The vertebrate cell also optionally includes an unnatural amino acid(s).
Conclusion The hemorrhage causes,UGH history,rebleeding within 24 hours,liver function grade,complications,important parameters(PLT,Hb,TBIL,ALB,Cr) and coagulation factors level could influence survival rate of cirrhosis complicated with UGH and be used as important indicators to determine prognsis of the disease.
Recent Progress on Treatment of Infections Caused by Bacteria Producing ESBLs
The results demonstrated that the rate of cell growth,dry biomass accumulation and cell density of C. sorokiniana under 15% CO2 were all higher than those under ambient CO2.
Effects of ischemic preconditioning and short- term prognosis of acute myocardial infraction
preferably , the expression vector is incorporated in the genome of the organism .
Maintenance of the colonic mucosal barrier by method comprising administering a therapeutically effective amount of a prostaglandin EP4 agonist to a colon of a mammal is also disclosed herein.
Determination of Balofloxacin in Plasma by HPLC-Fluorescence and Its Pharmacokinetics in Rats
in another embodiment, that carry peptide allows for multiple active agent to be attached.
Extraction of tea-protein from green tea by using alkali extraction and acid precipitation was investigated.Amino acid compositions of the tea protein ware also analyzed.
Alternative formulations of compounds may also affect the relative bioavailability of the compound.
Eight new polycondensates of phenolics and crown ethers are preparedby the condensation of 2,6-dihydroxymethyl-4-methylp (or4-sulfophenol) withdibenzo-18-crown-6 (2B18C6), dibenzo24-crown-8 (2B24C8),benzol 5-crown-5(B15C5),benzols-crown-6(B18C6) respectively and charaterized by IR HNMR DSC.The polymeric crown ethers can' be used as complexing resin to collect differentionsand as stationary phases in gas chromatography for separation of mixed organiccompounds.;
suitable reagent for binding with a mark nucleic acid ( e. g. a genomic DNA, an mRNA, a spliced mRNA, a cDNA, or that like) include complementary nucleic acids
Metatranscriptomics is a new subject to study the transcription situation and regulation rules of entire genomes of colonial organism under a certain specific environment and period in the overall level.
The detection limit of this developed HPLC method was 0. 05 mg/kg and the linear correlation coefficient of standard curve was 0. 9988. Recovery rates for imidaclprid in spiked samples at 0. 05,0.1 mg/kg and 0. 20 mg/kg was in the range of 92%-102% with a relative standard deviation varying from 5% to 11%.
The Construction of mGM-CSF Gene Modified Lung Cancer Cell Vaccine and Research of Its Effects in Animal Model
RESULTS The correlation coefficients(r) between the dissolution in vitro in release media of different pH and the absorption fraction in vivo were 0.9567,0.9602,0.9512 and 0.9596 respectively.
health guide during the treatment time
The present invention discloses transgenic plants having an altered level of NAP protein compared to that of a non-transgenic plant,
Resonance Scattering Study on the Interaction between Proteins and Trichloroacetic Acid and Its Analytical Application
leptomeningeal lymphoma: cytological study of cerebrospinal fluid
technological discussion of polymorphism in C ++ design program
Prokaryotic Expression,Purification of Mycobacterium tuberculosis Antigen Rv3914-6His and Detection of the Antigenicity
so as to fulfill that aim of preventing and treat osteoporosis.
the amino acid sequence obtain may be used as a guide for that generation of oligonucleotide mixture that can be used to screen for gene sequences encoding such cellular protein
in that experiment 14 day after the injection of home made water-invoilwater-in-oil adjuvant into the retroper itonemum of 305-days calve, the concentrations of antibody in the blood serum were examined with complement fixation test and double agar diffusion t.
include a body and a valve stem that can be depressed relative to that body so as to emit the meter dose of aerosol and medicament.
Conclusions:Transretroperitoneal laparoscopy is effective for recurrent renal cysts with interventional treatment.
In addition,the pH/ thermo-responsive behaviors of the SCL micelles were studied.The SCL micelles showed reversible collapse and stretch with the changes of temperature and pH of the medium,and could be good carriers for drug controlled release system.
Effect of arsenic trioxide on VEGF expression in human colorectal cancer LoVo cells
BACKGROUNDThe human pancreatic cancer is one of the most deadly malignancies with silence onset, rapid progress and poor prognosis
Synthesis and biological activity of novel dichloroacetamide compound
Spring babies are at greater risk of illnesses including schizophrenia, Alzheimer’s disease, asthma and autism.
The growth inhibition appeared in the blades of E. prolifera but not in P. haitanensis.It was better to treat them with hydrochloric acid solution(pH=2. 3).
Age and systolic blood pressure were independently related to carotid distensibility
Experimental Study on the Change of NF-κB and Cytokine during Isolated Reperfusion in Rat Donor Lung
the research about level of Th1/Th2 and IgE in chronic urticaria
study of immunization protocol of ovarian carcinoma associate 6B11 anti-idiotypical minibody
Beta-HCH has been shown to be neurotoxic, hepatotoxic, to cause reproductive and immunosuppressive effects and effects on fertility and reproduction in laboratory animals.
The results presented by static experiment showed that the adsorption proprieties to aniline of JX101 resin were far more superior to NKA-II resin and XAD-4 resin. It is demonstrated that the adsorption capacity for aniline on the above resins are displaced in the sequence : JX101 > NKA- II > XAD-4. So JX101 resin was used as adsorbent in the following research. Simulated wastewater was studied firstly.
results : The therapeutic effect and effective duration between antibacterial agent and nonantibacterial agent effect were no significant differences
OBJECTIVE: To explore the effect of ionizing radiation on mitochondrial gene expression in 60 human peripheral blood cells.
They alter the way it cleaves amyloid precursor protein.
Conclusion Insulin detemir combined with repaglinide for treating type 2 diabetic patients,could decrease blood glucose fluctuation,and reduce oxidative stress in type 2 diabetic patients.
The results showed that under local anesthesia,HRV during and after surgery were significantly lower than that before surgery in patients who undergone non-phacoemulsification extracapsular cataract extraction plus intraocular lens implantation surgery,which declined more significantly during surgery.
identification of pathogenicity island genotype for Legionella pneumophila by polymerase chain reaction
The Influence of Culture Time on Quality of Polysaccharide Vaccine of Meningococcal Group A
In many eyes, images of distant objects are either formed in front of the retina because the eye is abnormally long or the cornea is abnormally steep (myopia), or formed in back of the retina because the eye is abnormally short or the cornea is abnormally flat (hyperopia).
in ord to improve that oral bioavailability of hyaluronic acid ( HA) and educe its functions of aesthetic and health care, a complex of HA-PL was prepare with egg lecithin ( PL) as absorption enhancer
In recurrent astrocytic tumors,increased EGFR expression corresponded to the use of radiotherapy(Spearman rank correlation coefficient r=0. 446,P=0. 029) and increased HER2 expression corresponded to the use of chemotherapy(r=0. 438,P=0. 032).
We recorded the target concentration,blood pressure,heart rate and blood oxygen saturation with Narcotrend index at D1(56-47),and visual analogue scale(VAS),sedation-agitation scale(SAS) when patients recovered for 10 minutes.
Special diet will be prescribed for certain cases, for instance, low-salt with kidney or heart diseases
Detection of serum hepatitis B virus DNA in patients with various chronic liver diseases
Its mechanism was realized not by the angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors(ACEI)effect, but by inhibition on the expression of AT1R.
it is also possible to add cysteine residue in order to achieve couple to other peptides.
Objective To investigate the mechanism of changes of isoforms of local progesterone receptors(PRs) and 17β-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase 2(17β-HSD2) deficiency in insensitiveness of ectopic endometrium(EMT) to progestin.
The slop of the standard curve decreased significantly when IL2 was preincubated with goat antiIL2 antibody IgG (P< 001
The proliferation index was much higher in WKY + PPG grou p than that of WKY control group
Nasojejunal tube placement into the small bowel was confirmed in 79 early nasojejunal nutrition patients after a median of 15 (interquartile range 7-32) hrs
In these prior art processes, the gums were added at various stages of the cheese making process, more usually at the salting stage, and often required further additives to interact with the gums and the whey proteins.
in another prefer embodiment of that composition according to the invention, said composition is for treat depression in said mammal, which depression is concomitant with said urinary disorder.
The control group patients were treated conservatively,the observation group patients to take the intranasal endoscopic wing tube neurectomy treatment.
such genetic construct may be introduced into a host cell to express that polypeptide encode by the open reading frame
surgical treatment anterior and posterior acetabular column fracture with single modified Kocher-Langenbeck ( K-L ) approach
Conclusion: The enzymatic activities of NR,SOD and GPT,GPI,and fumarase can be used for the determination of ginseng enzymes in further researches.
Clinical Observation on Electroacupuncture for Nonalcoholic Steatohepatitis
The findings significantly add to a review of Cools et al.in which a detailed literature search was performed to investigate the risk of malignant germ cell tumors in patients with various forms of disorders of sex development(Cools et al., Endocr Rev 2006,27:468-484[PMID:16735607]).
It comprises the following steps: preparing a 0.05 mol/L to 0.2 mol/L ammonium tin hexafluoride water solution;
Structural changes of large shadow of pneumoconiosis lesion were showed clearly, such as focal nodules, fibrous stripes shadows and vascular conditions.
FDG uptake of the malignant lesions was significantly higher than FLT (maximum SUV, 3.1 +/- 2.6 vs 1.6 +/- 1.2 [mean +/- SD]; p < 0.05
Cutaneous type pemphigus vulgaris:A rare clinical phenotype of pemphigus
Differential Expression Analysis of miR-26b and miR-224 in Ovarian Follicles of Meishan and Duroc Sows
the residual amount of that acid and amides remain in the aqueous caprolactam solution
Prevalence and risk factors of diabetes in schizophrenic inpatients
Effects of Matrine on proliferation and apoptosis of Hela cells in vitro
DIAGNOSIS AND TREATMENT OF OPEN-ANGLE GLAUCOMA ASSOCIATED WITH VITREOUS HUMOR FILLING THE ANTERIOR CHAMBER
The gene expressions of Caspase 3 and Caspase 8 in tumour tissues were detected by reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction(RT-PCR).
Effects of different planting densities and fertilizer levels on soluble sugar and free amino acids content and rapeseed yield
Cells include animal cells (hematopoietic cells and the like) and plant cells.
Between January 1987 to March 1993,the authors had treated 22 cases with fracture-dislocatiou of hip joints (accounting for 34. 9% of 62 cases hip joint posterior-dislocation at this time).
the surface of that ZnS quantum point is coat by thiohydracrylic acid, hydrophilic hydroxyl groups are carry, and good water solubility is possessed, and the method of the invention can be widely used on the aspect of biomedicine, aqueous fluorescent ink and environmental monitoring and the like
in another prefer embodiment, that filamentous fungal parent cell is a Tolypocladium cell
The spinal fixation system of the present invention can also be used as a reduction apparatus.
Effects of rare earth elements on Taxus cell suspension culture and taxol synthesis
Choroidal tumor:image diagnosis and differential diagnosis
And it is not apparent from the new analysis whether changes in cognition with age result from a single cause - like a decline in the speed of neural transmission - or to multiple ones
After overnight incubation, the media was replaced with 400 .m u.l fresh media and the cells were treated with anti-IL-17 antibodies for 30 min across a range of antibody concentrations (10000, 3000, 1000, 300, 100, 30, 10, 3, 0 ng/ml
Background and objective It has been proven that the mitochondrial DNA (mtDNA) mutations and content change were associated with increasing risk of tumorigenesis.MtDNA content is significantly reduced in most substantive tumors.
meanwhile, the inactivation effect of the ion beam passing through different thickness of degraders on melanoma ( B16) cells was measured, and the corresponding survival fraction data for B16 cells were acquired
Results There were no massive hemorrhage, no changing to thoracotomy, no blood transfusion and no death in surgery
Comparative Analysis of Analytical Methods of Lactic Acid Content in Microbial Fermentation Feeds
in addition that capture sequence is chosen to specifically interact with a complementary sequence on the target sequence ( T ), the target capture site ( TCS ) to be detect through hybridization.
the present invention is a blend of at least two chemically distinguishable copolymers that are each obtained by copolymerization of ethylene with at least one other comonomer, wherein the at least one other comonomer is an ethylenically unsaturated carboxylic acid, and wherein a film obtained from the blend ( a ) has a secant modulus of less than about 15,000 psi as measured according to astm d882-01 and ( b ) ( i ) transmits at least about 85 % of incident visible light and / or ( ii ) has a haze value of equal to or less than about 6 % as measured according to astm d1003-00.
Further, bFGF produces a potent growth promoting effect on implanted neurons in vivo when the implanted neurons are genetically engineered to express the bFGF (Takayama et al. (1995) Nat. Med. 1:53-8).
THE SERUM THYROGLOBULIN IN PATIENTS WITH ENDEMIC GOITER
Clinical Analysis of Coma due to Low Glucose
We have cloned the hyaluronate lyase gene from S. suis and used it to generate an allelic replacement knock-out mutant of S. suis serotype 7 that can no longer biosynthesise the enzyme.
in this study, HEL Fs were expose to 0. 5 - 5. 0 mg· L- 1 GMA in vitro for2 h and1 2 h or to5. 0 mg· L- 1 GMA for1 5 min- 2 4h and that induction of DNA strand break was studied use the single cell gel electrophoresis technique ( comet assay ).
Western blotting --- A technique analogous to Southern blotting, used for detection of proteins, usually by immunological methods
The stenotic spinal canal was enlarged about 4 - 5 mm.
study on psychological problem of patient with chronic filariasis and that countermeasures
sis chromatid exchange induced by seven intravenous anesthetic
Study on the structure and properties of starch of salt resistance grafting supper water absorption resin
Block with higher dose of procaine can obviously relieve pain of pancreatic carcinoma,block with alcohol is proved to have a long term pain relief.
the best conditions of synthesis through comparing the effects of different conditions such as vol.proportion of chlorosulfonic acid-pyridine, reactive temperature and reactive time
The Effect on SOD Activity and Protein Content in Groundnut Leaves by Drought Stress
the relative research about that TCM Differentation and the disorder of lipid hemagglutinin in hormone
series of main chain liquid crystalline coPOlymers is reported. Themesomorphous properties are examined by visual observation of optical POlarizing microscope, DSC and X-ray difftaction. It was found that all thermotropic liquid crystalline copolymers arenematic mesophase, and that copolymeritalion depresses crystallization transition temperatures andliquid crystalline transitions are weight-averaged over those of the parent homopolymers. Themaximum mole fractions o
TXB 2 contenets in brain tissue and cAMP contents in plasma and brain tissue markedly increased(p<0.05,p<0.01,p<0.05),and 6 keto PGF 1 α contents in brain tissue significantly reduced(p0.05) at 30 minutes ischemia and 45 minutes reperfusion.
squalene synthetase activity is understood as mean that enzyme activity of a squalene synthetase
shutoff appear to be due to cleavage of that host cell's 220 kDa cap-binding complex ( CBC ) that is involved in bin the m7G cap structure at the 5' end of all eukaryotic mRNA during initiation of translation.
Changes in mortality and morbidities among infants born at less than 25 weeks during the post-surfactant era
Experimental Study on Epidermal Differentiation after Autograft and Allograft of Swine Tissue Engineered Skin
The mucous cells distribute at every section of the alimentary canal of yellowfin black porgy;however,the types and distribution of cells vary at different sections.
significant unmet need exists for early and accurate diagnosis of oncogenic HPV infection as well as for treatments directed at the causative HPV infection, preventing the development of cervical cancer by intervening earlier in disease progression
identification of Calcium-Activated potassium channel in MDCK cells and effect of DDP on K_ ( Ca )
Progress of Treatment for Severe Acute Pancreatitis
in that invention, the raw material are proportioned so that the proces feed does not only meet the demand of main nutritive materials for the chicken, such as carbohydrate, proteins, mineral substances, vitamins and the like, but also meet the demand of trace elements and mineral substances for the chicken, such as calcium, zinc, ferrum, copper, iodine, tin and phosphorus, thereby accelerating multiple physiological functions for the layer chicken such as energy metabolism, growth and development and breeding and the like
Objective to study on clinically guiding significance of renying-cunkou pulse diagnostic method.
Besides when using this technology there is no need to waste time on cultivation and weakening of micro organisms
Results The ultrasound prompted early pregnancy complicated with atypical hydatidiform mole in 17 cases before curettage,seven cases were misdiagnosed.
catalysts for polymerization of alkylene oxides with the initiator can be either anionic or cationic.
[Conclusion]The psychological nursing measures based on the psychological characteristics of families undergoing breast cancer surgery can improve the quality of life of patients and their spouses.
a lookup against the authorized clinicians list 5 is performed based on the requesting clinician 's id to ensure the clinician has access to the bsn 22, 24, and 26.
Objective: To observe the influence of intra-articular injection of sodium hyaluronate(HA) on mRNA expression of vascular endothelial growth factor(VEGF) and its receptor-2(VEGFR-2) in cartilage of rabbit osteoarthritis(OA) model.
a method of treating a patient suffering from or predisposed to subsequent cancer development; and a method of diagnosing tumorigenic tissue of a human or tissue predisposed to become tumorigenic.
Qualified DNA could be obtained from Litsea coreana var. lanuginose by means of the improved SDS method. The DNAs are qualified for RAPD analysis
Keratin crystal whisker enhanced homogeneous composite fiber and preparation method thereof
In addition, the results indicated that the Negative Control Toothpaste, after one week, two weeks and four weeks of twice a day product use, provided a statistically significant (p<0.05) mean tooth shade rank improvement of 0.29, 0.31 and 0.44 respectively, from baseline.
A method for obtaining information on the formation of a double-stranded nucleic acid, which is characterized by detecting information on the fluorescence of a sensor,
There was no significant differences in the two groups(P>0.05).
Results:Yiqi Yangyin method is the basic treatment for viral myocarditis.
the patient does not have to spend as much time undergoing a surgical procedure and the stress experienced by physicians during long procedures is reduced .
In instances where the individual has already become infected or is suspected to have become infected, the previous vaccination may have provided sufficient immunity to prevent primary disease, but as discussed previously, boosting this immune response will not help against the latent infection.
out of 60 NUD patients had abnormal gastric emptying function either with an emptying rate higher or lower than of the normal value
increase an in vivo half-life through EPO dimer formation has been also attempt ( A. J. Sytkowski et al., J. B.C. vol. 274, No. 35, pp 24773 24778 ).
The present invention provides one important platorm for researching virus genomee structure, function and expression and regulation mechanism and the interaction between virus and plant; provides one excellent tool for researching plant functional gene; and establishing one technological platform for using plant as bioreactor expressing foreign protein.
The lmb encoding ORF from the genomic DNA in the virulent strain 05ZYH33 was amplified by PCR using a pair of specific primers and subcloned into pET32a expression vector with double digestion of EcoRⅤ and XhoI.
Clinical and Thermal Dosage Study on Hyperthermia for Primary Nasopharyngeal Cancer
The prepotential could induce further contraction of the muscle strip induced by the slow wave.
has the effects of preventing and treating erectile dysfunction, sexual dysfunction and lacking in sexual interest, etc.
The results showed that the epidermis of Australia Merino sheepskin is fairly thin; it is only approx. 0.82%-1.13% to the whole skin.
Snake venom proteins and platelet thrombus formation
Predictors of perioperative outcomes after pulmonary thromboendarterectomy in Chinese
Sequences analysis showed that the LDH genes of isolate FCC 1/HN and other ones were quite conserved.
Pharmacokinetics and bioequivalence study of cefixime tablet in healthy volunteers
PRELIMINARY STUDY OF T CELL SUBSETS AND T4/T8 DOUBLE LABELED CELLS IN CHRONIC HEPATITIS B PATIENTS
ResultsThe total doses of propofol during anesthesia in the fentanil group was larger than that in the sufentanil group.Compared with fentanyl in anesthesia induction,the induction of anesthesia in the sufentanil group was better than that in the fentanyl group.
In another aspect, the first reporter nucleic acid sequence may encode a fluorescent protein, the second reporter nucleic acid sequence may encode a bioluminescent protein, wherein the third reporter nucleic acid sequence may encode a PET imageable protein or an MR imageable protein.
Among the 112 SJS / TEN patients , 42 individuals were exposed to carbamazepine ( tegretol ) , 17 had allopurinol , and 53 were on various medications other than carbamazepine or allopurinol .
Result:239 cases(98. 7%)were diagnosed correctly"and 1 were misdiagnosed with intraoperative frozen sections.Conclusion:Frozen section is valuable in the diagnosis of breast neoplasms.
(a) conduct a national study on sexual abuse of children to determine its root causes and assess the magnitude of it;
54 . the process of claim 32 wherein the monomer-rich phases of ( d ) and ( g ) comprise less than about 0.2 wt . % low molecular weight polymer , oligomer or combinations thereof .
Repair effect of bone marrow mesenchymal stem cells on radiation injury of rats spermatogenic epithelium caused by different exposure dose
Lycopene is a special kind of carotenoids existing in the nature extensively, which has strong anti-oxidative activity and anti-cancer activity effects
Conclusion: Immunohistochemistry is a good help for diagnosis and differentiation of this disease. HMB45 may be a specific marker for malignant melanoma
Methods RCTs literatures of acupuncture and moxibustion for diabetic gastroparesis within recent 30 years were retrieved.The table for information collection and quality evaluation of RCTs were established according to the principles and methods of evidence based medicine(EBM).
The pericarpium citri reticulatae hawthorn beverage prepared by the invention has the function of tonifying spleen and appetizing, and is suitable for patients with weakness of the spleen and the stomach to drink.
Interpopulation improvement utilizes the concept of open breeding populations ; allowing genes for flow from one population to another .
Functional implications of lymsosomal pathways for cell autophagy
Delayed xenograft rejection: pathology and IgG role
mtDNA mutation detection in Leber hereditary optic neuropathy families
Objective: To explore the effect of thyroid hormone on carotid artery atherosclerosis in type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) patients with euthyroidism.
Intravascular Embolization of Splnal Arteriovenous Malformation(A Report of 9 Cases
Candidate gene polymorphisms of primary osteoporosis
iodine is extracted from the dilute phosphoric acid generated in the iodine-containing phosphorus ore production process, wherein, the content of iodine in the dilute phosphoric acid is 50-110mg/L, the concentration of P2O5 in the dilute phosphoric is 25-30%, compound oxidant is added into the phosphoric acid for oxidation reaction, air is used for blowing molecular iodine out,
Methods:Thirty-two male SD rats were randomly divided into 4 groups:group sham,IR group(group IR),hydrogen sulfide treatment group(group H2S)and 5-HD+H2S group(group 5-HD).
the residue was subject to column chromatography using silica gel and elute with hexane-ethyl acetate ( 5:95, v/v) to give that title compound ( 76.5 mg, 63%) as an amorphous form
Localization of gene encoding heat shock protein, HSP70,to chromosome of Chinese shrimp Fenneropenaeus chinensis
The Clinical Significance of Cytogenetics and FISH in the Diagnosis of Acute Promyelocyte Leukemia
Methods: Clinical data of 21 patients with hypospadias undergoing urethroplasty with preputial pedicle tube were reviewed.
Distribution of 14-3-3 proteins in PC12 cells and effects of MPP~+ on the expression of 14-3-3 protein and the viability of PC12 cells
Thus, the nucleic acid amplification reaction in each well becomes less likely to occur with the progressively decreasing inner volumes of the wells from the well 41 on the upstream side toward the well 49 disposed downstream in the direction of liquid flow.
In the system, the hard cystoscope is structurally added with the confocal microscope and the confocal microscopic laser head and is accordingly offered to doctors as a tool for the real-time biopsy of pathological changes of bladder by means of the interaction of 488nm blue laser beam emitted by the confocal microscopic laser head and fluorescein sodium of bladder wall.
The mode of evidence-based teaching group was based on EBM and the mode of traditional teaching groups based on clinical rounds,experience and skills.
new procedure for extracting genomic DNA in larvae of housefly
Assessment of splenic Doppler impedance indices in the differential diagnosis of splenomegaly
NOTE ON THE ACTIVITY OF AMINO-ACID ACTIVATING ENZYME OF RAT LIVER
Cell survival was assessed using the Cell Titre 96 AQueous One Solution Cell Proliferation assay (Fisher) which utilises cellular NADPH or NADH to convert a tetrazolium compound into a Formazan product that can be detected by its absorbance at 490 nm.
Development of a CO_2 laser circular welding system for blood vessel and nerve anastomosis
The results showed that P. chrysosporium inoculation had better effect on the degradation of corn straw in large granularity(4-5 cm and 1-3 cm) than that in small granularity(0. 5 cm).
Sertoli cell tumor
The inhibitory rate of proliferation of TCA-8113cells was detected with MTT method,and the apoptotic rate of TCA-8113cells was determined with flow cytometry(FCM),and the expressions of caspase-9,Bad,GSK-3β,p-Akt and T-Akt proteins in the TCA-8113cells were detected with Western blotting method.
Verapamil can attenuate the shortening effect of acute atrial dilation on AERP
in that invention, the nine clinically common respiratory infectious disease pathogen are detected by a multi-analyte suspension array ( masa) liquid chip technology and are subject to homology analysis mainly according to all nucleotide sequences of nine targeted viruse which can be searched in a gen bank; a degenerate primer and a specific probe are designed; and a polymerase chain reaction ( PRC) and molecular hybridization are performed for two times, and then a Luminex 100 system is used for detection, so that the types of the pathogens in a sample are determined
Conclusion Drug ertuption is most frequently induced by antibacterial agents while severe type is usually caused by antipodagric or antiepileptic drugs.
Alternation in neucleotide triphosphatase activity and mRNA transport of nuclear envelope in aged rat liver
The evaluation of elbow function showed excellent in 25 cases,good in 9 cases and effective in 1 case,poor in 1 cases,the excellent rate was 97. 2%.
The proliferation of each group of bacteria is dependent upon the concentration of the type of compounds they digest.
The animals were divided into normal group,model group,ribavirin group and SACR group.After 7 days of lavaging drug or normal saline,dispose mice and detect pulmonary weight index routine;Observing pulmonary pathological change and ultrastructure by light microscope and transmission electron microscope.
Results The 2 patients were proximal or proximal-distal muscle weakness,and became progressively sever.
EXPERIMENTAL INVESTIGATION OF INTEROGENEOUS ON OXIDATION OF NH_3
include for example but are not limit to ultraviolet light ( UV ) polymerization, visible light polymerization, microwave polymerization, thermal polymerization, free radical polymerization, living radical polymerization or combination thereof.
for instance by increasing the translational and/or transcriptional efficiency of the respective gene, but also by any other known methods such as increasing the gene copy number, or by increasing the endogenous activity or structure of the enzymes by means of mutations, or by using deregulated enzymes.
Purpose:Effect of low dose MSCT scanning in urinary calculi diagnosis application value.
the tissue 201 is the stratum corneum layer of the patient.
The thermodynamic properties of the interacting finite size Bose gas caught in a quasi two dimensional harmonic trap are investigated
Bacteria spectrum surveillance and antibiotic resistance analysis of urinary tract infection in three successive years
Detection and Classification of Microbialby Electrochemistry
Study of toxicokinetics of bromoxynil in rabbits
The application of intracranial electrode buried in the lennox-gastaut syndrome(10cases clinical analysis)
Multivariate Statistical Analysis of Lumbar Intervertebral Disc Herniation
The Primary Research of the Effect and Mechanisms about Coleus Forskolin Briq in Relieving Asthma
The dose-effect relationship of TCM compound formulas shares the common characteristics with other medications,and it is influenced by place of origin,processing,combination,chemical components,syndrome differentiation and treatment,and other multiple factors,which presents a huge challenge for clinical research.
The structure of was identified by means of IR,1H NMR,13C NMR and GC-MS.
Mycophenolate Mofetil in the Treatmeat of 15 Cases of MPO-ANCA Positive Lupus Nephritis
Methods The clinical data about the fistulae replacement and later management of 42 patients with permanent cystostomy were summarized retrospectively,and the experience and lessons were taken to build a standardized scheme.All materials were from the project "clinical study of using potassium citrate to prevent calculus on cystostomy catheter".
Conclusion Surgery is the proved effective treatment.The postoperative chemotherapy can improve the prognosis of EBTO.
The results indicated that the atomic ratios of(C+N)/Zr played an important role in phase configuration, microstructure,mechanical and tribological properties.
A piezoelectricity vibration table was designed for seeding precisely the small size of seeds of some vegetables,trees,flowers,etc.The piezoelectric vibration driving system produced the mechanical micro-displacements with the applied electric field.The micro-displacements amplified by the amplification mechanism drove the seed dish vibrating and produced the boiling movement beneficial to suck seeds.
Analyses of the change of QT dispersion in patients with acute myocardial infarction after
the soil microbe Bacillus thuringiensis ( B. t.) is a Gram-positive, spore-forming bacterium characterize by parasporal crystalline protein inclusions
surgical suture
The total tumor removal rate and surgically maimed rate of the two groups were analyzed by Fisher precise probabilistic method.
As shown in FIG. 4C, despite a lower level of basal plasma MIA in MEXF1341 xenografts as compared to MEXF276, a significant (2-fold) reduction in MIA was detected in response to both CHIR-265 treatments (P< 0.02
In searching for a viral origin of some hyperplasia diseases in lymph nodes, we used the polymerase chain reaction(PCR) analysis to test EB virus in 37 cases of Hodgkin's disease(HD), including the following subtypes: nodular sclerosis(NS), n=10; mixed cellular type(MC), n=12; lymphocyte predominance type(LP), n=7; and lymphocyte depleted type(LD), n=8. 8 cases were lymphoma, 5 cases were histocyte necrosis lymphadenitis(HNL) and 11 cases were nonspecific chronic lymphadenitis. The results showed that EB vir
Results:The curative rate of the treatment group was 87. 2% while the control group was 66. 7%.The difference was statistically significant(P<0.05).The total efficiency rate of the treatment group was 97. 9% and the control group was 82. 2%.The difference was statistically significant(P<0.05).
Results A total of 2158 cases of pancreatic cancer and 6481 study subjects from 8 literatures were included in our analysis.
The outermost layer of the skin of vertebrates;
Conclusions Higher serum levels of IL 10, IL 12 and sFas may be involved in the destruction of marrow hematopoietic cells in AA
There was no correlation between aqueous flare and location of PC IOL ( P>0.05 ) .
Clearance of focal lesion: a method for the treatment of chronic digital infections
it is made up by using hydroxyapatite as main raw material, using fatty polyesters, such as polylactic acid, etc. which can be biologically degraded as excipient, adding proper quantity of solvent of diluent, fully mixing them and making them into the proper clinical required dosage form, then packaging with package so as to obtain the invented product.
Correlation of Family Care Degree and Pain among Surgical Hospitalized Patients
With the synthesis of butyl acetate as a target reaction system by pervaporation -esterifications in a composite membrane reactor the effects of several factors (feed molar ratio of alcohol to acid, ratio of membrane area to feed volume, me mbrane separation property and reaction temperature )on the shift of the chemical equilibrium were investigated in detail.
Effects of α-zeranol on the IL-6 expression and secretion in rat osteoblasts
Diagnostic value of multi-slice spiral CT tri-phase enhancement scanning in focal nodular hyperplasia of the liver
113. under subprogramme 3, the view was expressed that the millennium development goals were overwhelmingly concerned with human development and poverty challenges that related to younger age groups, namely, infant, child and maternal mortality, hiv and aids infection, and school enrolment.
It was introduced that the quantitative analysis of diphenylthiophene by reverse phase HPLC, using methanol and water as mobile phase, using C18 column and ultraviolet detector.
Distribution of daily symptom evaluation by subject
Estradiol Congeners
intravenous infusion of concentrated potassium chloride correct hypokalemia in patients Underwent extracorporeal Circulatin
nerve grafting
A suitable growth or culture medium provides the proper nutritional and environmental conditions for growth of microorganisms and should contain all the nutrients required by the microorganisms which are to be cultivated.
Still further, there are provided an antitumor agent containing the antitumor fraction or component contained in Tochukaso
in which X is a hydrogen atom, fluorine atom, chlorine atom, or C1-14 linear or branched alkyl group;
In combination with morphological and physiological characteristics and the yield,the 5-leaf transplanting seedling age and resin coated controlled release fertilizer can be the references for alleviating the contradiction of proceeding crops and nitrogen use methods in local region.
The results showed that the serum NO level in the chickens of AG group was the lowest, and that of L NAME group and L Arg group were significantly higher than in the control group, but lower in challenged group (P<0.05).
The contents of Chlorophyll a and b at the 10th day were significantly higher than which at the 5th and 15th day.With the increasing of lead concentration chlorophyll a and b showed no significant difference at the same treating time.
Clinical observation of treatment effect on depression after stroke
Study on Microstructure and Properties of Fine Silk Protein Powder
The results show that LD50 is 5728mg/kg to mice by mouth being low toxicity
hence, that optimization procedure serve to determine an optimal location of the blood vessel that is suitable for puncturing and that is expect to cause a minimum of discomfort or pain.
Catalytic synthesis of n-butyl acetate catalyzed by ceric sulfate
TC caused a higher level of DNA damage in UV41 cells than those in the wild typeAA8 cells or EM9 cells which are deficient in base excision repair.
Methods Useed SAS8.0 to analysis the 2923 cases of infants in hospital in Shantou in 2003. Results The pathogenies of infants in hospital included abortion, neonatal asphyxiation, digestive and respiratory infection, neonatal jaundice and congenital diseases.
include, but are not limit to ci-8 alkyl acrylates and methacrylate, vinyl acetate, poly ( vinylchloride ), and chlorinated polyethylene.
Results An exposure of NB4 cells or K562 cells to Sc produced both concentration and time-dependent increase in the anti-proliferative rate.Moreover,NB4 cells had more sensitivity to Sc than K562 cells(P<0.05).
Expressions of VEGF-C and VEGF-D and Their Correlation with Lymphangiogenesis and Angiogenesis in Gallbladder Carcinoma
Apoptosis of retinal capillary cells in diabetic rats and expression of apoptosis-related genes
E6 protein was captured using a lateral flow (LF) assay described herein and detected with a UMM reader.
PART ONEOBJECTIVE: To investigate the effects of hyperoxia solution (HO) administered intravenously on ALI in rabbits induced by oleic acid.
Another aspect of the invention relates to a method for producing an antibody producing cell comprising by introducing an animal that inducibly overexpresses a protooncogene that promotes cell survival and proliferation to an antigen under conditions in which the protooncogene is not overexpressed in the animal, recovering a B cell from the animal and culturing the B cell under conditions in which the protooncogene is overexpressed
Its favourable effects on cardiovascular morbidity and total mortality renders it as an effective alternative to currently used HMG-CoA reductase inhibitors for patients with elevated cholesterol levels, multiple risk factors or coronary heart disease.
Experimental Study on the Optical Characterization of Photosensitizers for Photodynamic Therapy
Clinical value of diagnosis of coronary heart disease by ultrasound cardiogram with dobutamine load
Premature labor is the interruption of pregnancy after the fetus is viable,but before term.
Comparative Analysis of Clinical Efficacy and X-ray Evolution of New Smear Positive Pulmonary Tuberculosis:A Report of 3229 Cases
similarly, that use of contraceptive also increased among young women age between 20 and 24 who are in a relationship
Sucrose occupied the largest proportion of the accumulated soluble sugar in different seasons, followed by fructose, and glucose.
All cases were followed up for 5~18 months,and no scrotum swelling,recurrence or testicle atrophy was observed.
Methods:A retrospectively study was conducted in 200 children with measles,and 200 healthy children living in the same areas in2010 with matched age and sex were selected.
Antitumor effect of HSV TK gene with adenovirus mediation on alimentary carcinoma
Soluble ligands or segments of natural ligands to which HMGB1 binds may be employed.
in addition the intentional balancing of the aforesaid anterior and posterior surface modulations provide minimum sensitivity of the optical performance with regards to mechanical positioning disturbances such as decentration and tilt of the iol that may be induced due to surgery inaccuracy, surgical trauma or capsular bag symphysis.
also within the scope of the invention are glycopeptides that have been further appended with additional saccharide residues , especially aminoglycosides , in a manner similar to vancosamine .
it is important that dure an electrochemical reaction, that conditions within the reaction cham 7 are correct, otherwise the reaction process may be affected,
one of the most prominent features used by pathologist to diagnose tissue as being cancerous is the presence of enlarged and crowded nuclei .
The enzyme is mainly localized in the MITOCHONDRIA.
Effects of calcium supplementation on bone mineral accretion in adolescents
Objective To study the clinical effect and safety of locking plate in the application of femoral intertrochanteric fracture.
Expression of E-cadherin and Catenins in Tongue Carcinoma and Its Significance
The crude product is reduced with NaBH3CN under acidic conditions.
Gene Cloning of SSeCKS from Embryonic Rat Brain
The method of preventing the disease and pest caused mutation of transgenic plant is to propagate different transgenic plant systems with different transformed gene targets alone by means of the gene diversity of the transgenic plant and the basically identical target plant system phenotype in different target transgenic plant systems of the same acceptor, and breeding with different transgenic plant systems in certain proportion while adding essential original acceptor containing no resistance gene to constitute commercial species for production.
Preventive measures for complications during digestive endoscopic training
Objective To investigate the reproductive endocrine effects on male workers exposed to N, N-dimethylformamide (DMF
by way of example, uv-curable matrices such as acrylate derivatives, oligomers, and monomers, with a photo package.
Futhermore, through test and selection in everygeneration, the superior plant stains of Ⅱ-32A and You ⅠA with pure and stable genetic component wereobtained for hybrid rice breeding in indiea rice.
a dichroic based polarizer exhibits temperature sensitivity due to ( a ) sensitivity of the organic dye to degradation in the presence of heating and ( b ) thermal rearrangement ( relaxation ) of the polymer alignment achieved by stretching the polymer to line up the dye molecules.
Results The incidences of agitation, anxiety and panic in AD were higher
Role of Sex Hormone in the Pathogenesis of Condyloma Acuminata in Female
small sclearal turnnel incision extracapsular cataract extraction with tensloop cut nucleus division and intraocular lens implantation.
the method improves the survival rate of the seeds of the betula halophila,
Through four-year experiments in fields and laboratory, we found that subgroup C I (cms-C) of the C group maize (Zea mays L.) was especially susceptible to Bipolaris maydis race C; while subgroup CⅡ (cms-RB) and CⅢ (cms-ES) were not seriously infected.
MVD; multivessel coronary artery disease
Conclusion The high blood pressure seriously affects the health of residents in this region,we should vigorously promote hypertension knowledge,strength the prevention and control hypertension.
Real-time RTPCR analysis verified that the expression of hepatic sterol regulatory element-binding proteins(SREBPs) and peroxisome proliferator-activated receptors(PPAR) γ was increased(all P < 0. 05),the expression of liver X receptor α(LXRα),PPARα,and PPARβ/δ was decreased(all P < 0. 05),and the expression of LXR β was unchanged in the liver of hamster models.
Method The serum concentrations of T 3? T 4, TSH, Cor, ACTH, T, E 2 and FSH in both acute period and convalescent period were measured respectively by radioimmumoassay in patients with acute cerebrovascular diseases.
Results Serum TNF-α levels in the model group were significantly higher than that in the control group;Compared with the model group,serum TNF-α levels in motherwort group decreased significantly.
The Metabolic Changes and Changed Trends of Chronic Diabetic Complications in Type 2 Diabetes from 1994 to 2006
And the size of HP1 HP2 HP3 HP4 HP5 was about 1605bp 963bp 609bp 300bp 180bp. The nucleotide sequence of the target gene was identical to that published in Genebank.
Males and educated laborers had much higher rate in taking part in sports than females and under-educated ones (P<0.001
The invention concerns the use of a compound comprising a nitrogenous heterocyclic group with five cyclic members including, at least two nitrogen atoms, one of the nitrogen atoms bearing a hydrogen atom to promote the opening/closing reaction of uretidione cycles in the presence of a nucleophile compound provided that, when the nitrogenous heterocyclic group is imidazole, the opening/closing reaction is not the closing reaction of the uretidione cycle in the presence of a quaternary ammonium salt.
in a traditional hybridization method, that nucleic acid to be identified are either in a solution or affixe to a solid carrier.
The antidepressant action of AGN 2979 pamoate is believed to result from the inhibition of tryptophan hydroxylase activation, and the mechanism of this effect may involve blockade of K+ channels since other metabolic inhibitors, such as guanidine and sodium cyanide, which are known to open K+ channels, can activate tryptophan hydroxylase and this activation can be blocked by AGN 2979 pamoate.
Study on immune function of dendritic cells derived from chronic myeloid leukemia cell line in vitro
Objective To explore the characters of brainstem auditory evoked potential(BAEP) in patients with vestibular paroxysmia(VP).
Endophytic bacterium lived in the plant, and prevented and controlled the plant disease by producing secondary metabolic substances, inducing plant system resistant, promoting plant growth, and occupying ecological spaces, etc
The difference in CST results were compared in terms of high risk score, neonatel Apgar Score, amnionio fluid quality and quantity, plaoental aging, cord compression and the mode of delivery. The results showed that Apgar Scores of the newborn babies
Culture method for complete sterile line of dominant genic male sterility in brassica napus
RESULTS CONCLUSION: Partial dopamine receptor agonist is effective and safe for schizophrenia
each sample which has a less change in the adsorption ratio is immunized into small animals to compare the level of the antibody formation .
The storage effect of freezing methods was better than that of SSM after long time preservation.But for three methods,the preservation of streptococcus was not good.
Pyruvate oxidation was accelerated by catalytic amount of succinate. The opera- tion of condensing enzyme is thus indicated
Accordingly, in a third aspect of the present invention, there is provided a process for the preparation of an oligonucleotide which comprises coupling a nucleoside or oligonucleotide phosphoramidite with a nucleoside or oligonucleotide comprising a free hydroxy group supported on a solid support to form an oligonucleotide phosphite triester, characterised in that the solid support is a microporous support.
The unreacted starting material left after the 5'-nucleotidase reaction (b) was degraded by the action of alkaline phosphatase for 15 minutes (1.3 mg of monophosphate to 2.85 units of enzyme).
simultaneous analysis of eight mental drug with amide structure by GC-MS
Conclusion HPV infection may play an important role in the pathogenesis of NSCLC in Meizhou.
Scanning Electron Microscopic Examination on Male Sterility of Rice Induced by Gametocide R_1
Isolation,Identification and Antimicrobial Activities of Endophytic Fungi from Pterocephalus hookeri
Within a species, the alpha subunit is common in the pituitary glycoprotein hormones (TSH
Conclusion:Kaempferol can block CNE-2 cells in G2 /M phase through decreasing the expressions of CyclinB1 and Cdk1 mRNA,and inhibit the cell proliferation.
The influence of relative molecular mass on the crystalline morphology of PCL homopolymer, and the effects of the second component,composition of the blends and crystallization temperature on the crystalline morphology of PCL in compatible blends were studied.
Objective:β-actin was used in multiple PCR as the internal reference to norˉmalize the data in the study of c-fos expression in Graves'disease and thyroid papillary carˉcinoma.Methods:Total RNA was extracted from the samples of Graves'disease,thyroid papilˉlary carcinoma tissue and thyroid normal control tissue by TRIzol method and then cDNA were obtained by RT-PCR.371bp of c-fos and227bp ofβ-actin were amplified simultaneously in a multiple-PCR.The co-amplification products were separated on1.5%agarose gel...
induction of gastric epithelial cell apoptosis by helicobacter pylori in vivo
synthese of epitopic sequences, or peptide which include an antigenic epitope within their sequence, are readily achieved using conventional synthetic techniques such as that solid phase method ( e. g., through the use of commercially available peptide synthesize such as an applied biosystems model 430A peptide synthesizer ).
Treatment for Primary Hepatic Cancer with Portal Vein Tumor Emboli 1132 Cases Report)
The optimum reactive pH was 7, an d the recombinant enzyme activity changed little when incubated in the buffer of pH8~10 on 37℃ for 1 h.
Clinical significance of insulin sensitivity index in hypertensive patient with cerebral infarction
Methods 12 female NOD mice were randomly divided into control group(n=3),empty vector group(n=3),α-Fodrin siRNA1 group(n=3),and α-Fodrin siRNA2 group(n=3).
Objective:To study the anti-inflammatory and analgesic actions of different fractions extracted from Vitex negundo leaves by different solvents(chloroform,ethyl acetate and water).
Splitting branches which cling to protocorms and transplanting them onto the rooting medium of MS+NAA0.5mg/l+IAA0.5mg/l can get a high rooting rate of 87.5%, and transplanting survival rate can get to 53.7
Cloning of a carrot gene encoding antifreeze protein and construction of its plant expression vector
the present invention relate to a process for prepare a nutritional, therapeutic o organoleptic product by growing non-recombinant yeast under aerobic conditions, in medium that
Effect of Adenosine on Large Conductance Calcium-activated Potassium Channels in Cultured Hippocampal Neurons
Influence of bisphenol A on morphology and β-HCG secretion of human villi during early pregnancy
Objective:To compare the burden of care shouldered by family members of patients with schizophrenic, affective and neurotic disorders and explore its relationship with the mental health of the care-givers
The data should cover all children below the age of 18 years and be disaggregated by sex and by groups of children who are in need of special protection.
Expression of MMP-9,TIMP-1 and E-cad in lung adenocarcinoma and its relationship with clinical pathology
Objective:To establish an HPLC method for determination of EDAT-Na2 in propofol injection.
Study of Cancer Cells Fluorescence Lifetime Based on Picosecond Time Resolution
An abnormal accumulation of serous fluid in the abdominal cavity
Nanoparticle and polymer composite particle and application thereof
The positive rates of c erbB 2 and p53 gene in 22 cases of the malignant myoepithelioma were 63.6%,31.8%,respectively. The cxpressions of clear cell type was also the highest.
AIM: To compare the safety between fondaparinux and low molecular weight heparin( LMWH)in patients with acute coronary syndrome( ACS),excluding ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction( STEMI).
Currently,methods like northern blot,real-time PCR or microarray,have been widely used to quantify miRNA expression.
Currently,the preparation of superabsorbent composite by organic-inorganic compounds hybrid method has attracted wide attention.
Adsorption Law of Montmorillonite and Organic Montmorillonite for Aflatoxin B_1
Study of Zinc Hydroxy-Methionine on Dairy Cows
immobilization of glutamine synthetase produce strain
Capnography has become standard care for intraoperative monitoring of ventilatory efficiency and thus decreases the need for invasive arterial blood gas analysis.
Studies on Intratypic Analysis of Poliovirus Strains by PCR-RFLP Assay
Experimental Study of Anterior Enlargement of Cervical Spinal Canal
human telomerase catalytic subunit
Mere control of the amount of a hypochlorite added may not be sufficient for sterilization of organisms and others in ballast water, and it can be determined based on the concentration of the hypochlorite still remaining after addition.
Furthermore,leg pain was significantly eased and lower extremity muscle strength and sensory dysfunction were obviously improved.The results were excellent in 16 cases,good in 10 and fair in 4,with an excellent and good rate of 86. 7%.
Synthesis of 2, 6, 9-Substitute Purine Derivatives
Such additional features are thought to enhance the treatment of the tissue.
holographic acupuncture therapeutic device
Methods Mandibles of healthy young volunteers were continuously scanned transversally by spiral CT,and by panoramic radiography,respectively,followed by 3D reconstruction.
if mandible bone growth is very big, can go to aft cut regressive
prospective, randomized, controlled clinical trial
surface acidity and reactivity in synthesis of Ethanolamine ov Alumina
THE INFLUENCE OF SALVIA MILTIORRHIZA AND TETRAMETHYL PYRAZINE ON DNA CONTENT OF CICATRICIAL FIBROBLASTS AND ITS CELLULAR CYCLE
In this study a comparative study between immunocytochemical and silver staining methods on EC cells of the small intestine of guinea pig has been carried out on the same sections at the light microscopic level.
Conclusions (1)Donor-specific TCV can prolong survival of xenografts, in which there are specific and nonspecific roles;
By adding 0.5 mL of acetonitrile mixed with water to the mixture,
In the near future, medical practitioners will be able to routinely analyze the DNA of individual patients in a clinical setting before prescribing drugs, and check them against online databases in which genomic information relevant to any drug is documented
high density fermentation procedure of recombinant E. coli strain express an anti-Alzheimer's disease neuroprotective peptide [Gly14]-Humanin fusion gene
CEA level of serum above 5 μg/ml as the cutoff value for the confirmed diagnosis of malignant pleural effusions, with the sensitivity rates 68.6%, the specificity 91.4%, and the accuracy rates 80
The test vibrator induces vibrations through the skin and tissue into the bone structure, through which they propagate to the cochlea of the ear to be measured.
methods and compositions for converting taxane amides to paclitaxel or other taxanes
Method: The all bone marrow adherence method and enzyme digestion were used to separate MSC and HUVEC separately, HUVEC was identified by immumofluorescence method.
such as selecte patient information to view and presenting that selecte patient information on a screen, wherein the selected patient information includes links to relate information.
Rapid determination of soybean isoflavones by HPLC-MS
Preparation method and use in therapy.
Results The body weight increased in treatment groups.The ratio of testis and weight was no significant difference(F=0. 878,P=0. 466).
soak that treated soybean in nutrient solution;
if, as may be that case in medical diagnostic, the device 1 is used for image an interior of a female breast, suitable light is, for instance, laser light within a wavelength range of 650 nm to 900 nm.
Comparison of Laser Epithelial Keratomileusis and Photorefractive Keratectomy for Myopia and Histopathological Study
The liquid circulation velocities in a three phase thermosyphonic reactor for propylene epoxidation were studied under simulation reaction conditions of propylene/methanol (isopropanol, propanetriol) containing water/TS 1 zeolite. The relationship of liquid circulation velocity was correlated well with these influential factors such as superficial gas velocity, flow rate of feed liquid, temperature, temperature difference, properties of gas and liquid, and solid holdup
in addition, determine changes in allelic frequency can allow that identification of previously unknown polymorphism and ultimately a gene or pathway involved in the onset and progression of disease
Comprehensive Study on the Relations Between Irritable Bowel Syndrome With Psychological and Social Factors
Conclusion: Our results showed that there are higher frenquency of gr/gr and DAZ1/DAZ2 gene copy doublets deletions in men with novel spermatogenic impairment. This indicate that gr/gr deletion and DAZ1/DAZ2 gene copy doublets deletion is a high risk factor to male infertility.
Development of an in vitro culture system of Rosa spp.Plants
The trend that the total score and the mean score of ARWMC scale increased with age was significant(P<0.05, P<0.01).
lar molecular weight hyaluronic acid attached to a drug or protein may be use to target that reticuloendothelial cell system which has endocytic receptors for hyaluronic acid.
Multivariate Regression Analysis of Postoperative Complications of Resection of Big Hepatocellular Carcinoma.;
Role of heme oxygenase-1 in secondary brain damage following intracerebral hemorrhage
Methods 27 patients with unexplained syncope and 8 healthy subject underwent tilt test, and the ratio of the 30th to the 15th cardiac cycle duration on an electrocardiogram(30:15 ratio) immediately after passive tilting was calculated.
Nursing Care of 15 Patients with Phlegmasia Cerulea Dolens
Their structures were characterized by melting point,solubility,chromogenic reaction,infrared,mass spectrometry,1H and 13Cnuclear magnetic resonance.
The suitable operating conditions were obtained through single factor experiment, they were P:N molar ratio of 1. 2, initial pH of 9. 50, stirring time of 4 min, stirring rate of 100 r/min and Mg:N molar ratio of 1. 1. Under these optimum conditions, the removal rate of ammonia nitrogen could reached to about 90
For example in first line treatment of patients with metastatic carcinoma of the colon or rectum bevacizumab may be given at a dose of 5mg/kg of body weight given once every 14 days as an intravenous infusion.
Objective: To investigate the relationship between the polymorphism of the IL-10 gene and FC in children.
Conclusion The cell cycle dynamics was changed and the telomerase activity was inhibited after T24 cell lines induced by ATRA, which could provide the theoretical basis of bladder carcinoma differentiation inducing therapy
The Effect of Prematurity and Abnormal Oxygen Concentration on Bilirubin Neurotoxicity
When encapsulated immunoglobulins remain in the body for a long time, they may denature or aggregate as a result of exposure to moisture at 37.degree.C., resulting in a loss of biological activity and possible changes in immunogenicity.
system of that present invention incorporating emboli detection feature may be used to assess a subject's risk for stroke and other blood flow abnormalities and to assess the efficacy of treatment regimen.
Patient’s shock, anaemia and low temperature
A stirred mixture of the title compound of Preparation 4 (12.32 g, 0.025 mol) and 1,2-dichlorobenzene (61 ml) was heated under reflux for 72 hours.
the acid is citric acid, malic acid, fumaric acid, tartaric acid, lactic acid, succinic acid, acetic acid, oxalic acid, phosphoric acid or metaphosphoric acid.
Heparin was given intravenously atarateof300 IU/kg/24 hours for four days from day 9 and day 41. The heparin infusion rate was adjusted to maintain the activated partial thromboplastin time （APTT） ratio for subject verses control within the therapeutic range of 1.7 to 2.3, Results showed that there was no statistically significant difference between the clopidogrel and placebo treatments.
The level of lL-1β mRNA did not differ between IL-1β Taq I polymorphicgenotypes (P >0 .O5).
Although various systems have been reported,their application in reproductive studies has been limited by the poor ability to replicate the complex biochemical,molecular,and functional interactions observed in the testis.
All the patients were followed up for at least 3 years.
The effect of oral Contraceptive I on experimental atherosclerosis of rabbits havebeen observed and studied by first using several combined morphologic and functionalmetabolic indices,especially by the two kinds of coordinative isotope;tecjmoqie ofautoradiography and liquid scintillation.The results showed that oral Contraceptive I might slightly restrain atherogene-sis but had a slight promotion of the incldence of coronary atherosclerosis and myo-cardionecrosis and caused the lesion more serious in ...
The positive case of c-myc gene protein in 20 positive casesof TERT in vulvar dystrophy was 17. But only 17 cases of c-myc gene protein were detected in 60 cases of TERT negative group.
EFFECTS OF CHOLESTEROL RICH DIET ON BLOOD COAGULATIVE AND FIBRINOLYTIC ACTIVITIES IN MALE RABBITS
Clinical teaching quality control in teaching hospitals
Optical microscopic examination showed that pathologic changes in the rabbits of the study group were less obvious than those in the rabbits of the control group(P < 0. 05).
insertion of that uterine sound 100 is cease, and the point on the uterine sound 100 disposed at the external cervical os is mar
The time of maintaining high temperature of composts mixed with corn stalk was 15-24 days longer than the composts mixed with wheat straw,and the time of maturity was shortened by about 3 d.
Objective:To investigate the level of serum Golgi protein 73(GP73) and explore the clinical diagnostic value of GP73 for the primary hepatocellular carcinoma(PHC).
13. The method of claim 12, wherein said viral disease is hepatitis B infection.
the enzyme may for instance be an acylase , inter alia Penicillin G acylase , amidase or esterase .
kit for quantitatively determine thyroid stimulating hormone ( TSH ) and detection method for TSH
The histological changes of cartilage from the lesion areas of medial femoral condyle and synovium of knee joint were examined with HE stain and the expression of IL-1β in synovium with immunohistochemistry,in synovial fluid with the enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay(ELISA).
Her blood CEA titer also shows a drop from the pre-therapy level of 63 ng/mL to 9 ng/mL.
There were 35% patients with thymomas, and the thymomas were excised. Conclusion The clinical features of MG patients were complex
Keywords EBV immortalization;phage antibody libraries;nasopharyngeal carcinoma;single-chain Fv;
Method: The ORF sequence of SAL was cloned to pMAL- p2X and pcDNA3.1 vectors,respectively.The recombinant plasmid pMAL- p2x- SAL was then transformed into Escherichia coli BL21( DE3) and induced for expression.The recombinant plasmid pcDNA3.
(Methods) 36 cases with T3,T4 gastric cancer recieved IPC in petoperation, contxasting with 16 cases underwent traditional intravenous cbemotherapy in corresponding period.
Series of poly(acrylic acid-itaconic acid-maleic anhydride) hydrogel absorbents were synthesized by aqueous solution copolymerization using N, N-Methylenesbisacrylamide as crosslinking agent and the structure of those were confirmed via FTIR
Objective:To determine the main Types of Syndrome in TCM and the factors affecting primary dysmenorrhea in adolescent girls in order to guide the clinical treatment and take health care for them.
Protective effects of Shengmai injection on myocardial ischemic reperfusion injury
In order to avoid employing murine CDRs in the final antibody structure, other techniques have been developed to generate fully human antibodies.
For example, the total protein content of cotton worm fed on the normal cotton is 265.8 ug/ml at 6day, while that of cotton worm fed on the transgenic cotton is 168.9 ug/ml, the latter has declined 36.5
1.06 g of tetrabutoxytitanium (3.1 mmol, Acros, 98%) were added dropwise to this solution and the mixture was stirred for 15 min.
Experiences of nursing care in 148 female patients with bladder dysfunction performed with urodynamic examination
Main inclusion criteria: acute cerebral infarction or TIA within 48h.
Supplementation of milk formula with galacto-oligosaccharides improves intestinal micro-flora and fermentation in term infants.
opal agate
After filtration of the culture liquid, 7.2 kg of bacterial cells were obtained.
the connector assemblies, implants and elongate members can be positioned along the spinal column in invasive procedures where skin and tissue are dissected and retracted to expose the implant locations, or in minimally invasive procedures where one or more of the connector assemblies, elongate members and / or implants are guided through at least the tissue or access portals adjacent the column to the desired implantation location.
the Chinese medicinal composition has an obvious curative effect of treat that chronic gastritis and the peptic ulcer, has high safety,
Comparation on culture method and biological characteristics between primary human umbilical vein endothelial cells and human umbilical vein endothelial cell line
Author discussed mechanism of effect and prospect of clinical trial of TP5 in future.
superior clunial nerve anatomy related to lumbocrural pain
in some case, that image quality of the primary image ( the image formed by the IOL's anterior surface and the central region of its posterior surface) can affect the perception of shadow
The pathological changes in the liver of mice induced by high power electromagnetic irradiation
The median of urine iodine content of the surveyed population is 303μg/L. The thyromegaly rate is 2 7% by palpation,2 9% by B ultrasound. The passing rate for the health education questionnaire of IDD prevention and cure knowledge is 100%.
methods for separating a mixture of biomolecules, especially polynucleotides, using capillary electrophoresis.
Discussed the influence of extracting temperature,extracting time,solid-liquid ratio,ethanol concentration,extraction times to total flavonoids extraction rate by single factor experiment,optimized the extraction process by the orthogonal test.
In addition, their water soluble nature precludes them from being used in conjunction with oral care actives that would be unstable in water based films, for example sodium percarbonate.
Most aromatic-degrading microbes and their relevant enzymes possess the ability to convert indole to indigo.New technologies such as directed evolution,metagenome and two phase reaction system could facilitate in-depth investigations of the enzyme resources,and they will play a crucial role in the indigo biosynthesis research.
Results The SRY gene sequence was detected in 26 maternal plasmas from 28 pregnant women with male fetus.In 17 maternal plasmas from 18 pregnant women with female fetus,only the ATL1 gene sequence was detected.
CONCLUSION: The expression of ERK and nm23-H1 is correlated with invasion and cervical lymph node metastasis in TSCC.
Diet 3, the basal diet with Carophyll Red and Yellow at 4g/100kg and 6g/100kg respectively.
Protective effect of Acanthopanax giraldii Harms polysaccharides on radiation injury in mice and its mechanism
The expressed product was identified by SDS-PAGE and Western blot.The results showed that fusion protein GST-IFN-ɑ was about 45 ku and it could react with interferon antibody.
Taxonomic studies were performed on ninety-three bacterial isolates from nine species of fish affected by the septicemia and reared in fresh water in Hubei,Hunan, Henan and Guangdong during the period from May to October of 1990 and 1991. Analysing more than one hundred phenotypic characters and mol%G+C of the bacterial deoxyribonucleic acids, these isolates were assigned either to motile mesophilic aeromonad in the genus Aeromonas or to Vibrio fluvialis in the genus Vibrio.
The processing method is characterized by comprising the following steps: with corns as a raw material, carrying out peeling, embryo removing, crushing, grain sieving, stewing, quick-freezing and drying, and supplementing potato starch and wheat flour for blending according to the ratio, so as to obtain the fresh and tender corn milk powder.
Results Overexpression of α4 was closely related to growth pattern,cell differentiation,and lymphatic,lung,bone,brain metastases of breast cancer.
Determination of Trace Amount of Arsenic by Flow-Injection Hydride Generation Atomic Absorp-tion Spectrometry Witk Online Reduction
The sections were contacted with antibodies for the Tau-2 protein and for the glial fibrillary acid protein (GFAP
In this report, researchers zeroed in on the length of the upper leg and found an association both with the risk of diabetes and its precursor, called insulin resistance.
The triterpene acid of loquat leaf prepared by the invention can be used for curing diabetes mellitus or preparing pharmaceutic preparations used for treating diabetes mellitus and diabetic complication.
METHODS:The nasal sprays was prepared by taking ofloxacin,ketotifen fumarate and ephedrine hydrochloride as main components.
Results with more than 60 years old,Heart rate and Q-T interval in the tese group do not differ with intermittent ST changs as compare with the control group ( P >0.05). But with less than 60 years old,the difference between two groups was sigrificant ( P <0.05).
for each pair of columns, the first column refers to cells incubated with peptide for 6 hours and the second column to cells incubated with peptide for 0.5 hours.
RESULTS:In 42 patients 42 eyes with fungal keratitis,fungal hyphae was observed in 39 eyes(93%) by the confocal microscopy,however in 30 eyes(71%) by corneal lesions stained tissue smear examination.
A Study on the Developmental Characteristics of Adolescent Social Self-Concept
In the u.s., it is illegal for adults to drive with a concentration of . 08 % Or above
The results indicate that BJPA consists of L-Rhamnose (38.3%), D-(+)-Xylose (15.3%), D-Mannose(18.2%), D-Glucose (12%), D-Galactose (16.2%);
Conclusion The efficacy of double-balloon catheter for cervical ripening and labor induction was closely associated with the Bishop score.It is suitable in pregnant women with higher Bishop score.
Conclusions: Combination therapy of electroacupuncture and functional exercise is more effective than electroacupuncture only.It is worthy extensive clinical application.
Objective:To observe the distribution of the microfilaments in oocyte and preimplantation mouse embryos.
if m1 is 2, E2 is C1-C14alkylene or a group of that formula ( b-I )
The differential expression of DEPDC7 in hepatic cells and neoplastic cells
Methods:To construct pAAV-CD151 and transiently transfect to HUVEC(human umbilical veine endothelical) mediated with Lipofectamine 2000.HUVEC were assigned to control group, GFP group, CD151 group.
The CD of FIG. 11 is particularly suited for use of a degrading type dye in the recording layer 222 that degrades from exposure to a "normal" red CD data transducing laser.
Methods and multicomponent kits for lanthionizing keratin fibers to achieve relaxation of the keratinous fibers using at least one organic nucleophile.
②The detection rate of the micro-metastases in the pelvic lymph nodes with cervical cancers has nothing to with the patients’ age,FIGO stages(P>0.05),but it has something to do with the metastases in the lymph nodes(P>0.05).
suitable dibasic acid are those represented by that formula R4 ( COOH ) C. dbd. C ( COOH ) R5 and R4 ( R5 ) C. dbd. C ( COOH ) R6COOH, where R4 and R5 are hydrogen, an alkyl group of 1 8 carbon atoms, halogen, cycloalkyl of 3 to 7 carbon atoms or phenyl, and R6 is an alkylene group of 1 to 6 carbon atoms.
Relationship between polymorphisms of cystathionine beta-synthase gene and stroke
The gene was ligated to an expression vector pWB980,constructing the recombinant vector pWB-pulB,then transformed into Bacillus subtilis WB600 by electroporation.
For animals,the inheritance of mitochondrial DNA(mtDNA) is predominantly maternal.
this paper attempts a survey of the studies concerning the bmd variation characteristics of the athletes engaged in different events with different training levels, of the studies concerning sports training and its influence on different parts of the body. this paper aims at offering new methodology for scientific training.
The energy have been used as following: 2 77 kJ for reproducing protein, 12 80 kJ for yolk protein and 24 85 kJ for albumen protein
If the peak enhanced time was within 2 minutes all cases were malignant
Clinical Significance of Determining Serum Level of Soluble Epithelia Cell Cadherin in the Treatment of Acute Lymphocyte Leukemia
Study on Tissue Culture Technology of Begonia rex Variety "Sunburst"
1. An isolated polynucleotide encoding a non-ethylene binding ethylene receptor polypeptide, wherein:
The Influence of Addition of Ferric Chloride, Ferric Citrate and Citric Acid on the Ferric Species in Tea Infusions.
Eighty-one patients received a total of 247 cycles of 3-day cisplatin-based chemotherapy.
the present invention relate generally to a method for detecting an aberrant cell
We then compared the signal intensities of HER2 mRNA dots with those of HER2 genomic DNA dots
Enzyme catalyzing reversibly the hydrolysis of palmitoyl-CoA or other long-chain acyl coenzyme A compounds to yield CoA and palmitate or other acyl esters.
Detection of toxoplasma -IgM by solid immune sorbent agglutination assay
The optimum condition of extraction is at 65℃ for 180 min as the ratio is 1:40 using ethanol (concentration of 55%).
See methyl alcohol, ethyl alcohol, propyl alcohol, isopropyl alcohol
R, R, R and R independently are hydrogen; alkyl; halogen; NH2; NO2; CN; CF3 SO2NY'Y" or COZ'
in a preferred embodiment, that signal transduction pathway factor is an apoptosisinducing factor
knife Treatment of Intracranial Lesions:CT Iocalization
Xylanase recombinant expression vector and cultivation method of transgenic pig capable of secreting xylanase
some common metabolite specie used for proton-based magnetic resonance spectroscopy of that brain include n-acetylaspartate ( naa), creatine, and choline
Overall survival was 65%at three years, with Rai stage/=1, unmutated IgVH and 17p-in/=25%nuclei being adverse factors for survival.
Expression of integrin α_3 in meningiomas and its biological significance
the column was washed with 2 column volumes of 30 % ethyl acetate / hexanes.
Clinic study of calcipotriol and halcinonide in topical sequential therapy for psoriasis vulgaris
pyrimidin-aminomethyl-pyridine derivatives, their preparation and their use in control of helicobacter bacteria
RESULTS: Xuebijing injection-induced ADRs might be associated to patients’ age,past allergy history,single dose,choice of solvents and drug combination.
Furthermore, the invention includes combination therapy strategies, including the use of one or more chemotherapeutics, radiotherapy, gene therapy, and/or immunotherapy.
the micro-bubbles created in the fat tissue , due to the exposure to the ultrasound emission , lyse the adipose tissue due to pressure changes when expanding and collapsing ( due to both micro-jet and heating effect below the skin surface with no undesirable heating effect at the skin-contact surface ) .
The particles of solid solu-tion have a cubic morphology,and their grain size first decreases and then increases when doping coefficient x var-ies from 0. 2 to 0. 8. Due to the substitution of larger Mg2+ for smaller Fe3+ ions,its lattice constant increases linearly with the enhancement of x.
Methods The data of 541 cases infection patients from 2008 to 2011 were analyzed,including bacteria distribution and risk factors.
5. Beverage as claimed in claim 1, wherein the protein is selected from the group consisting of whey solids, skimmed milk powder, soya protein, low fat yoghurt, skimmed milk or mixtures thereof.
Effects of Low Temperature and Weak Light on Photoinhibition and Thylakoid Membrane Lipids in Cucumber Leaves
Patient(s) NameLast
Experimental study on effect of bcl-2 and p53 on telomerase activity of immortal chondrocytes
Conclusion Catheter drainage provides a safe and effective alternative treatment for huge mandibular cyst.
ALTERATION OF P21 GENE IN MUSCULOSKELETAL TUMORS AND ITS PREDICATIVE SIGNIFICANCE
Objective To investigate pathogenic bacteria and drug resistance of neutropenic malignant tumor patients with hospital infection so as to provide evidences of clinical anti-infective therapy.
Of these,the most common causes include previous administration of antibiotics and the presence of fastidious organisms(eg.,zoonotic agents and fung.
Perioperative management for 80 cases of esophageal cancer
Classification and nursing of patients with poor compliance in rehabilitation department
Results After treatment with plk1 siRNA, plk1 mRNA and protein level decreased obviously in certain time, more MKN45 cells accumulated at G_2/M (P< 0.05
Results:In the groups of 20 mg·kg -1 and 10 mg·kg -1 ,the cytoplasma of more parietal cells lying in the top of the gastric gland was loose.
Clinical Effect of Total Knee Arthroplasty For Severe Senu Salsum Deformity Clinical Evaluation
Result:MAC of isoflurane,the relative power(RP)of δ wave and the latencies of BAEP and VEP were decreased when spinal cord was preferentinally anesthetized (P<0.05),but RP of β and α wave and spectral edge freqency (SEF)were increased (P<0.05 or P<0.01),and simultaneously all goats demonstrated the signs of awakening and had strong response to the noxious stimulation of ear.
4 ng/ml remifentanil TCI was the optimal dose for the intubation
the NO-2/NO-3 level of PIH was significantly low in maternal plasma than that of that last trimester of normal pregnancy and nonpregnancy, and it decreased with the disease development.
Conclusion: The result of the experiment validate that polymorphisms led to the changes of RNA secondary structure and protein structure.
Coefficient of variation of indicated mean effective pressure fueled with 35 percent hydrogen fraction decreases by 96 percent and flame development duration shortens by 18 percent compared with those fueled with 15 percent hydrogen fraction.
The Study on the Inhibitive Effects of Genistein on the Ocular Neovascularization;
the residue was purify by silica gel column chromatography ( hexane) to give 1.40 g of that title compound as a colorless liquid ( e. e. ( GC): 96.3%, yield: 90
The differences of the Antibody titer in Serum and Milk after Immunization in Cow
Relationship between Cytochrome P450 and Drug-drug Interaction Among Cardiovascular Drugs;
By way of example , and not limitation , the phrase " Cl - C5 alkyl optionally substituted by one or more halo or alkoxy " should be taken to mean , for example , that methyl , ethyl , propyl , butyl , or pentyl may have at all substitutable positions : hydrogen , fluorine , chlorine or other halogen , methoxy , ethoxy , propoxy , iso butoxy , tert - butoxy , pentoxy or other alkoxy radicals , and combinations thereof .
Results The consumed time of losing consciousness, the target concentration and the consumed amount of propofol in three groups were(111±17)second, (112±14) second, (134 ± 22) second;
Sorghum(Sorghum bicolor) is an important crop with multiple purposes.Research into the genetic transfor-mation of sorghum benefits molecular breeding and molecular genetics studies.
Methods: Serum concentrations of IL-18 and interleukin-10(IL-10) were measured in 15 patients with stable angina pectoris(SAP), 30 patients with unstable angina pectoris(UAP) and negative troponin I, 17 patients with acute myocardial infarction (AMI), and 20 controls by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay(ELISA).
sweet potato starch with low gelatinization temperature, and crossbreed method of sweet potato containing that starch in tuberous root
STUDY ON THE RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN OF 'SOD' AND DROUGHT RESISTANCE IN SOYBEAN
A Study on the Toxicokinetics of Selenium in Milk Goats
Methods (64 eyes) under the lacrimal ductule break anastomosis curative effect carries on the analysis to 64 examples
For tablets comprising licarbazepine, by immediate release is meant release of at least 90 % of the dose within 0.5 hours and 100% of the dose within 1.5 hours under the in-vitro licarbazepine test dissolution conditions of the invention.
It has been already proved that the injuries of pelvic splanchnic nerves would bring many dysfunctions of defaecation,urination and penile erection.
Objective:To study the microscopy method of colpo -Gardnerella in vivo.
it comprise that main compositions of glabrous greenbrier rhizome, pep mint, lightyellow sophora root, argy wormwood leaf, common cnidium fruit, sessile stemona root and shrubalthea bark;
Objective To study the serum-dependent growth character of immortalized mandibular condylar chondrocyte(IMCC) .
Results: CT results showed 13 cases with osteolytic change,3 cases with osteogenetic change,4 cases with mixture change,4 cases complicated with diseases in spinal canal,and 2 cases complicated by mass in para-spinal soft tissue;while MRI results showed 26 cases with osteolytic change,4 cases with osteogenetic change,5 cases with mixture change,6 cases complicated with diseases in spinal canal,and 6 cases complicated by mass in para-spinal soft tissue.
The invention has provided a kind of nucleotide sequence of recombinant human parathyroid hormone, express the high-efficient mode of production which produces recombinant human parathyroid hormone through connecting in a series,
the modified base can be a naturally occurring modified base or a synthetically altered base.
Study on the Dynamic Changes of Plasma ET-1 and Serum NSE Levels in Neonates with Hypoxic Ischemic Encephalopathy
Pectinase is one of the fourth of the Enzyme Preparations in the world and is collective call for any enzyme which breaks down pectic substance and pectinase is widely used in Foods, Medicine, Environmental Protection, Textile, Brewing, Detergent field
in one embodiment, that heterologous nucleic acid hybridize under condition of stringent hybridization to a nucleic acid from West Nile Virus strain IS-98-ST1 encoding envelope E-glycoprotein.
76. The method of claim 75 wherein the viral infection is RSV.
the light applicator can include two surface areas for treating two areas of the patient 's skin.
SYNTHESIS AND LUMINESCENCE PROPERTY OF TWO ISOMERS 2-VINYL-8-HYDROXYQUINOLINE ZINC
Study Progress in the Effects of Nutrition on Reproductive Performance of Dairy Cattle
include premenstrual syndrome, postnatal depression and post menopausal related dysphoric disorder, are significantly better treated with GABAA agonists and GABA uptake inhibitor or enchancers of GABAergic activity than with benzodiazepines and neurosteroids which produce tolerance after short term treatment
influenza A virus Vero cell adapt strain
In the population of 116-day-old and 165-day-old S. maximus,the average values of body weight,body length and body height of individuals with genotype A2 were all higher than that with genotype A1.
Pre-vaccination with RNA pTNT-Cyp c 1 (hatched bars) resulted in recruitment of allergen-specific Th 1 cells as indicated by the increased induction of IgG2a (FIG. 26).
in each treatment group, DAI decrease significantly and without serious side effects.
study on Effecfs of MJ and 1-MCP treatment on nutrient content changes in post-harvest soybean seed
Objective:To observe the effect of Tongmaiyizhi tang in treatment of patients with Vascular dementia(VaD).
in one embodiment the invention comprises a composition comprising ( i ) a rigid thermoplastic resin comprising structural units derived from a ( q-c lkyl ( meth ) acrylate monomer, and optionally a second monomer selected from the group consisting of a vinyl aromatic monomer, a monoethylenically unsaturated nitrile monomer and mixtures thereof, and ( ii ) 2 parts by weight to 25 parts by weight of a fluoropolymer; wherein the composition is free of both any rubber component and any filler.
the granulation phase begins with an influx of fibroblasts and endothelial cells to the wound .
Background: Prior research has determined that impairment in neurocognition and psychiatric symptoms contribute to reduced occupational and social functioning in schizophrenia.
Methods Endoscopic thyroidectomy via axillary approach was performed in 65 cases of benign thyroid lesions and the clinical effect was analyzed retrospectively.
colorectal balloon distension was applied to induce pain behaviour e.g. abdominal contractions ( see bourdu et al., gastroenterology 2005,
SSRs represented 0.21% of rice genomesequences, whereas SSRs only represented 0.13% of A.
Not our obstetricians, according to a committee opinion by the American Congress of Obstetricians and Gynecologists:Depression is very common during pregnancy and the postpartum period.
small bowel obstruction: conservative vs. surgical management
in one embodiment, that present invention provide methods of isolate a clonal population of antigen-specific B cells that may be used for isolating at least one antigen-specific cell.
From a performance, economy, safety, and cost standpoint, an even more preferred thickener is a carboxymethyl cellulose, a carbomer, and a mixture thereof.
The levels of mRNA expression within the three most abundant isoforms were positively correlated, namely VEGF165 with VEGF
is use to treat cholelithiasis, hepatolithiasis and bile duct lithiasis,
After the last water rinse, 10 liters of a liquid chemical sterilant (preferably 1 ounce paracetic acid per 5 liters of water) are added to the cleaner/sterilizer and the endoscope is washed for 5 minutes.
Objective To screen the specific anti HLA IgG antibodies for evaluating sensitization in renal transplantation.
Apparently the degree of dequenching also depends on the binding affinity of the anti-cAMP antibody and on the amino acid sequence forming the binding domain of the antibody.
Now they can handle cases requiring abdominal surgery.
the study of improve electronystagmus in congenital nystagmus
Conclusions:Tunicamycin-induced apoptotic model in cultured neonatal rat cardiomyocytes were successfully constructed The optimal concentration and action time of tunicamycin treatment was 100ng/ml,72h,respectively.
METHODS: Aromatic aldehyde and 3 equivalents of ammonium acetate were refluxed in methanol for 10 min to form Shiff base. Malonic acid was added and reaction mixture refluxed intensely for 16 h
Milk allergy is a kind of common food allergy,Milk protein allergy,milk protein modification were expounded in this paper.The effect of processing on milk protein allergy is analyzed and the current development of hypoallergenic dairy products is also reviewed.
Paeoniflorin can be separated on polygosil colymn with a mobile phase of MeOH : (CH3)2CHOH : 36%HAc : H2O=25 : 2 : 2 : 71 and detected at 230nm.
To evaluate the safety,immunogenicity and protectivity of Large-scale Immunization with the LA 1 strain,a live attenuated HAV vaccine, a randomised controlled double blind study was conducted among 171634 people between 1.5 and 10 years of age from 8 countise in Guangxi province (97278 in vaccine group and 74356 in control group).
AIterations of Calcitonin and Parathyroid Hormone on Chronic Liver Diseases
In order to evaluate if Profreeze and cells had any local or systemic toxic effect following intravitreal delivery, tissues and organs were harvested at 30 days post-injection
Cryopreservation of Maize Immature Embryos, Embryogenic Callus and Cell Sus- pension Cultures by Vitrification
and are therefore useful in inhibiting disorders or disease states which involve free radicals.
include an inserting cone for come into abdominal cavity via incision, an observer which can be inserted into body along that inserting cone and has small retractor for accept and tracting intestine and omentum under liver and/or connector for connecting cold light source, suction device and display/recorder, a moving retractor for tracting liver and an advancing device, and features simple structure, small wound and low operating fee
The ploidy of the progeny of triploid was every complex, the mixoploid, tetraploid and pentraploid all existed
that of thymus lymphocytes was notably raised (P< 0.05) at the age of 42 and 56 days, and that of Fabricoas bursa lymphocytes was remarkbly gone up (p< 0.05) at the age of 14,28 and 42 days, as compared with the control chicks
For example, the mixed target can include about 0.5 molar % to about 25 molar % of cadmium oxide, such as about 1 molar % to about 20 molar % of cadmium oxide, or about 5 molar % to about 15 molar %.
Selection and Identification of Human Fab Antibody Phage Display Library from Patients with Colorectal Cancer
Skin prick tests were performed with 18 kinds of allergens and the distribution of allergens was compared among the four groups.
A Clinical Review of 11 Cases with Fat Embolism Complicated by Long Bone Fracture Interlocking Intramedullary Nailing
If liu is right to suspect that ferroelectricity can influence the way blood vessels take up fats , sugars or lipids , then switching it with an applied electric field might help to combat cardiovascular conditions that result from build-up , such as thrombosis and atherosclerosis.
Treatment ofreverse obliquity intertrochanteric fracture of femur
Effect of C-peptide on the Migration and Proliferation of VSMCs
spray composition for topical delivery to that lung by inhalation may for example be formulated as aqueous solution or suspensions or as aerosols delivered from pressurise packs, such as a metered dose inhaler, with the use of a suitable liquefied propellant
For example, fixing of pre-treated red blood cells is accomplished by contacting the suspension of the cells with a solution of an organic aldehyde such as formaldehyde or glutaraldehyde.
The library can then be used to isolate and study genes differentially expressed
the reference substance is prepare according to that negative and the positive serum of the hepatitis E virus IgM antibody
Effects of raloxifene on proliferation and seladin-1 gene expression in GH3 cells
field of Invention The invention relates to the field of gonadotrophins , and particularly their use in assisted reproductive technologies ( ART ) , ovulation induction ( 01 ) , intrauterine insemination ( IUI ) and infertile male patients .
The composition is then dewatered to provide a dried, mineral fortified protein composition that can be used in the formation of liquid foodstuffs, such as nutritional beverages, requiring high levels of calcium or minerals for nutritional purposes.
32 cases(64%) were simple CHD and 18 cases(36%)were complicate type.40 cases(80%)were survived.8 cases(16%)were surgically treated while the other 32 cases(64%)were not.10 cases(20%)died from severe respiratory infection,heart failure and anoxia before cardiac surgery.
Comparative Analysis of Mitochondrial Fragments Transferred to the Nucleus in Vertebrate
this assessment may be obtained using external ultrasound equipment or by using endoscopic ultrasound scanning.
MEBO in assodatkn with infra - red therapy for treating chronic cervidtis
Result: 1) The validity result shows : The acute rhinitis treats group (n =24) Clinic always is the efficient for 100%, contrast group (n =8) it is 100% to be always efficient, the comparative difference of the two does not have statistics meaning (P =1.000
Effect of Zn(Ⅱ) on Microbial Activity in Anaerobic Acid Mine Drainage Treatment System with Biomass as Carbon Source
Clinical use of fetal central electroinc monitoring system during labor
The cDNA Cloning and Sequencing of Camel β-defensin caBD-1
Objective Using the testing method of cytomegalic inclusion, we discuss the relation between cytomegalovirus infection and neonatal jaundice
Apoptosis of HCC Cells Induced by JA1
The results showed that Mn source, level and source X 1evel interaction had no effect on purified LPL activities in vitro (P > 0. 58).
6 . use according to one or more of claims 1 to 5 , in which the ischemic heart disease is coronary heart disease , coronary artery disease , acute coronary syndrome , angina pectoris , myocardial infarction , ischemic cardiomyopathy , or congestive heart failure .
in which antigen for one or several diseases are fix
What Is the Course of Bipolar Disorder?
Abnormalities of phosphatase 2A(PP2A) for diagnosis and treatment of alzheimer's disease
Study on cytochrome p-450 2C19 genetic polymorphism in Zhejiang Han and She nationalities
antibody-Cyclin H
The membranes with asymmetry morphology had high pure water flux and showed high BSA rejection
Lacunar cerebral stroke was mainly located in basal ganglia.
Discussion on application of low-dose multispiral CT on the screening technology for pneumoconiosis
the present invention therefore allow a physician to monitor changes in that microcirculation of the eye and to extrapolate the data to make clinical judgement in various disease states associated with an increase in cardiovascular events
Also provided is an expanded clonal or differentiated population of mesenchymal stem cells of this invention.
in that invention, the exist cholagogic pain-relieving tablets are improve significantly by adding prescription dosage, adopting reduced pressure low temperature concentration technology or reduce pressure low temperature concentration plus spray drying, reducing moisture in the extract to increase the medicament concentration, thus satisfying the requirement for the medicament preparation and optimizing the preparation technique.
CY/ATG appears preferable to irradiation-based regimen.
This is required so the brain sets up it's processing so that it can act differentially, so that it can act selectively, so that the creature that wears it, that carries it, can begin to operate on it in a selective way.
For the primary tumors , analysis of possible interaction shows synergy with Compound A and antiangiogenic agent as antiangiogenic agent / controls = 0.66 ; Compound A / controls = 0 . 77 ; Compound A and antiangiogenic agent / controls = 0.135 .
Methods:Color doppler ultrasound findings of bladder cancer in 32 cases were analyzed summarized.
Ba, K, Na and Pb ions are present in the tunnels and coordinated to the oxygens of the double chains.
Construction of Transcriptional Targeting Replication-defective Recombinant Adenoviruses Containing FCY_1 Driven by Modified hTERT Core Promoter;
Clinical Analysis and Follow-up of 25 Cases of Hypophosphatemia and Vitamin D-Resistant Rickets
Influence of early rehabilitation training on nerve injury recovery of acute cerebral apoplexy patients
(a) preparing an atelocollagen colloid by adding atelocollagens in ethanol or methanol, converting the atelocollagen colloid to an acidic state by adding acids, and then stirring it;
in addition, that reagent contain in the kit of the present invention preferably comprises one or more nucleic acid molecule selected from the following primer nucleic acid molecule
The present inventors have carefully studied the Dhordein gene to find the presence of a gene expression regulatory region upstream from the promoter region (regulating the expression of D-hordein).
The structure of the solid superacid was characterized by XRD, N2 Adsorption/Desorbtion at low temperature and FT-IR. The results showed that it was still mesoporous structure as MCM-41, with a high BET surface area of 211.36m2/g and it was better Lewis acid. Then we optimized the condition of the esterification reation using the solid superacid catalyst.
CONCLUSION At the early stage of post-operation period, drop stitch is much easier to cause the infection.
Effects of antidepressant treatment with rTMS and fluoxetine on brain perfusion in PD
Due to drug resistance of pathogenic bacteria having been become serious in the recent years,it is rather impending to search for new antimicrobial drugs from various natural sources.Naturally,amphibian antibacterial peptides(ABPs) have been given much attentions and become an important object for our screening antimicrobial drugs from them because of ABP’s special features with small molecular weight,water-solubility and low antigenicity.
In some forms of epilepsy, for example, neural stem cells continue to divide past the point at which new neurons can form useful connections.
The results showed that the distribution of collenchyma in the cortex,the level of development for pericycle,the location of the phloem,and the ratio of pith in transverse sections of the stems,and the morphology of the leaf epidermal cells,the stomatal types and the non-glandular hairs in leaf surface view were found to be the main microscopic characteristics for authentication of different Senecio species.
The expression of BACE1 mRNA was up-regulated by 31.5% and 35.1%(P=0.028,0.005)only at 12 hours and 24 hours points after reoxygenation with 24 hours hypoxia.
Canadian Patent Application No. 2,178,104 discloses propylene polymers prepared in the presence of isospecific catalysts incorporating heavily substituted bis(indenyl) ligand structures and the use of such polymers in forming biaxially-oriented polypropylene films.
examples experiment 1: a pulp grinder on production scale is fitted with a known monolayer screen made of a stainless steel with a mesh size of 180 mum in order to get very fine cellulose powder from the rolls of wood pulp cellulose ( spruce ).
Cardiac function was measured by echocardiography 2 weeks after delivery and the animals were sacrificed to pathologic detection.
Preferred saccharide is sucrose, and preferred sugar alcohol is mannitol.
in one embodiment, such a imidazolone α-2B agonist with minimal α-2A agonist activity is that ( +) enantiomer of compound 4, or a pharmaceutically acceptable salt or ester thereof
This article reviews the formation of free radical, the antioxidation recovery mechanism, the produce methods and the aspect overview of the soybean antioxidative peptide.
Therefore, in a preferred embodiment, the gene construct of the invention comprises, operatively bound, an expression control sequence of the nucleotide sequence that encodes the fusion protein of the invention.
the present application relate to a process for manufacture maleic anhydride that comprises that following steps: a) fermentation of renewable raw material and optionally purification to produce a mixture comprising at least butanol
FUNCTIONS OF PLASMIDS IN RHIZOBIUM HUAKUII
Molecular Docking of Xylitol and Xylose Isomerase from Thermus thermophilus and Model Analysis
Synthesis and Structure Characterization of Multinucleate Complexes
T-cell colony formation and immunosupprcssive activity in serum of cancer patients
The difference of retrosternal space lucency between sexes was statistically significant ( P <0.01).
Purification of human TRAIL extracellular region and its activity
significance of detection for matrix metalloproteinase-7 in rectal cance tissue and mesorectum after total mesorectal excision
[Result] The lower Cd2+ concentration showed some the stimulation effect on seed germination of maize,while the higher concentration had obvious inhibitory effect to some extend.
while it did not influence the cytoskeleton of the cells when added alone.
Examples of appropriate cells include fibroblasts, epidermal cells, dermal cells, epithelial cells and keratinocytes.
The PCOS patient pregnancy loses rate reaches 48% approximately;
Results 1.6kb fragment was amplified from HBb17 and a 1.3kb was from M1.Comparison of sequences showed, in 3' untranslated region the nucleotide homology between HBb17 and T48, the prototype of Ross River virus, is 99%, between M1 and Sagiyama virus is 98
Intraoperative monitoring of brainstem auditory evoked potentials of biaural stimulation and bilateral recording in tumors around brainstem
Statins can also reduce testosterone in vitro by inhibiting ovarian theca-interstitial cell proliferation and steroidogenesis and reducing inflammation in vivo.
Clinical Assessment of Bone Metastasis in36Postoperative Gastric Cancer Patients
Methods Eighty expectant mothers who would receive-cesarean-section were divided into analgesia group and control group,40 patients in each group,postoperative patients-controlled analgesia was conducted to analgesia group while not to control group.
P>0.05. But during sinus rhythm with qRs complex in V6 lead; there were 21 in A group patients' ECG, the occurrence rate was 35.6%; There were 24 patients in B group patients' ECG ,the occurrence rate 60.0% ;
Bone marrow derived DC were treated for 4 hours with B16 tumor cells that had been heat shocked and irradiated B16 tumour cells for 4 hours, and then stimulated with either CpG (5 .mu.g) alone or in the presence of the p38 inhibitor, SB203580 (5 .mu.M) for 24 hours.
The study of sub-temperature quenching for 40Cr steel
Overexpression of the C-terminal domain of Tob1a, which lacks N-terminal BoxA and BoxB, leads to dorsalization of the injected embryos, slight increase of the embryonic shield marker goosecoid, and decrease of the ventral marker eve1. It suggests that Tob1a plays a role in regulating dorsal-ventral patterning of zebrafish embryos
The purity of lysergol obtained by acid-base treatment in second stage purification is very high, up to 97
Recent advances in the application of photodynamic therapy (PDT) are showing great potential in the treatment of infections involving localised bacterial growth
The Cox proportional-hazards regression model showed that PINCH protein was an independent factor of the prognosis for NSCLC patients(P<0.05).
the B cell epitope is a site on that desire target recognized by B cell which in response produce antibodies to the desired target site.
in that preparation proces, only the physiological activators of soybean, leaven and barley meal in the product material are higher; the product materials have no salt, other seasoning or food additive and have the effects of lowering blood sugar and inhibiting fat; the water content of the soybean after drying is not more than 14 percent
prevention and management of complications of abortions;
The overall AADC staining intensity in the right putamen and caudate appeared greater compared to the left side (FIGS. 18c, 18g and 18h).
In certain embodiments, at least one of the first polymer or second polymer may be a water soluble polymer, water dispersible polymer, or a mixture thereof.
Suitable expression vectors may be based on phages or plasmids, both of which are generally host-specific, although these can often be engineered for other hosts
Under the microscope,invasive squamous cell carcinoma(3 mm away from the carcinoma margin),intraepithelial neoplasiaⅡ~Ⅲ(4 mm away),intraepithelial neoplasia Ⅰ~Ⅱ(5 mm away) were observed.The results of the immunohistochemistry of p53 and Ki-67 were moderately positive,weak positive and negative.
Local Application of Fibrin Glue and Gatifloxacin for Prevention of Adhesion of Flexor Tendon and Infection in Hands and Forearms
Clinical analysis of 38 patients with hepatorenal syndrome
The Management of Cerebral Anteriovenous Malformation on Spetler-Matin Grade Ⅳ~Ⅴ;
05).In addition,the single-strand break DNA fragmentation indices(SSB-DFI) in male infertility group and normal fertility group had no significant difference.The double-strand break DNA fragmentation index(DSB-DFI) in male infertility group was significantly higher than that in normal fertility group(P<0.05).
Plasmid DNA was isolated from clones which were capable of growing without pantothenate supplementation.
We reviewed seven cases of sclerosing nonspecific orbital inflammatory syndrome which were all histopathologically proved
During late gestation,N flux,protein turnover rate,protein synthesis rate and breakdown rate of pregnant sows were significantly increased(P<0.01),and protein aggradation's rate increased by 71.1%,compared with that of non-pregnant gilts.
Adiponectin and Metabolic Syndrome
But the research development of imperfect-DDF parallel mechanism is very unbalanced, the research of two, three-DOF parallel mechanism have basically been finished, however the research of four, five-parallel mechanism dust begin, which limit the development and application of this kind of parallel mechanism to some extent
Radiosensitization of cyclooxygenase-2 selective inhibitor NS-398 in esophageal carcinoma cell and its mechanism
The Nursing Experience of Treating Intracranial and Spinal Tumor, Angiodefomity with CO_2 Laser Micro-Operation and Cusa
B group: the total 24 cases, 10 got partial remission, 10 no change, 4 progression of disease, and the efficiency rate was 41 7%.
the role of mesenchymal stem cell in hematopoietic stem cells transplantation
in that practice of the present invention, a colored polyester copolymer is prepare which comprises the reaction product of a linear polyester precursor and a colorant of at least one 1, 4-bis ( 2, 6-dialkylanilino) -9, 10-anthraquinones have the formula I
even if insulin survives this enzymatic attack,
Conclusion The expression of TP in gastric adenocarcinoma suggests the stronger potentials of tumor invasiveness and lymph node metastasis.The expression of VEGF in gastric adenocarcinoma may indicate poor differentiation of tumor.The expression of TP and VEGF may predict the unfavorable prognosis in gastric adenocarcinoma.
the anatomical study on that distribution of vessel in the oviduct of Beijing duck
Conclusion:It is proved that Stathmin could significantly enhance the chemosensitivity of EC9706 cells to chemotherapeutic agent PTX.
furthermore, the partial gp5 protein genes were also amplificated from the two isolates with rt - pcr using another primer, and the restriction fragment length polymorphism of the pcr products were similar to or the same as that from vr2332 strain.
The governor vessel arises from the lower abdomen and emerges from the perineum. Then it runs posteriorly along the interior of the spinal column to Fengfu at the nape, where it enters the brain. It further ascends to the vertex and winds along the forehead to the nasal column, finally reaching the frenulum).
The invention belongs to the field of biochemistry, and particularly relates to a polypeptide compound with EPO-like activity and applications of the compound in treating diseases related to insufficient or faulty red blood cell production.
Control group was treated with conventional drugs and experimental group was treated with conventional drugs and behavior therapy.Quality of life was investigated before and six weeks after experiment.
Methods The nursing needs of patients with spinal tuberculosis before surgery,after surgery,and in the peri-operative period,before discharge were investigated and corresponding nursing interventions were taken.
Dr. Kaiser has an active research program focused on the genetic and molecular mechanisms underlying the neuroendocrine regulation of reproductive development and function. Dr.
hybridization show that leuciferinase gene and ribosome gene are integrated into silkworm chromosome and that that transgenic silkworm can resist NPV attack and express leuciferinase.
Clinical Study of Influence of Dexamethasone and Heparinum in Treating Poor Arterial Infollow of Flap
In this study,with the leaves of Perilla frutescens were used as explant,effect of different concentrations of the hormone combination on inducing callus in B5 medium were studied by orthogonal test.
hepatic angiomyolipoma-a clinicopathologic study
primary and middle school teachers who take part in short-term training in Yinchuan from Ningxia as subjects were investigated as for their vocational stress
RNAi-mediated gene silencing of Bcl-2 expression
study of carbapenemase genotype among Acinetobacter specie isolates at four hospieals in Beij and Guangzhou
new azabicyclooctane derivatives useful in the treatment of cardiac arrhythmias
Research of Desulfhydrase Involved in L-cysteine Biosynthetic Pathway in Pseudomonas sp.
The Effects of Recombinant Human Insulin-like Growth Factor (rhIGF-I) on Rat Osteoblasts in Vitro
Evaluation of the three modalitis with intravenous immunoglobulin infusion in treatment of Kawasaki disease
Cardioprotective Mechanism of Heme Oxygenase-1 in Rat Cardiomyocytes Subjected to Anoxia-reoxygenation
Methods:The protein and mRNA expressions of NKX2-1 in narrow,transition,and expansion segments of colon tissues from 30 cases of HD and 30 normal control were examined by immunohistochemistry and RT-PCR.
Relationship between expression of VEGF and Cath-D in laryngeal squamous cell carcinoma and cervical lymph node metastase
Clinical study of the incidence of the second mesiobuccal root canal of maxillary first molars
Misplacement of catheters relative to the subarachnoid and epidural spaces may also complicate the interpretation of diagnostic tests.
32 . a process as claimed in claim 24 wherein the lipid component is selected from the group consisting of fatty acids , esters of fatty acid , fatty alcohols , hydrocarbons , neutral fats and waxes .
This tends to be in the lumbar portion of the spine that is prone to problems in aging patients.
Methods A retrospective analyze was made for 29 patients with intracranial hemorrhage caused after trauma.
How does laser therapy help to diminish weight gain?
synthesis of S alkyl isothiourea unde phase transfer catalysis
can prevent blindness in jujube artificial hybridization seed breeding,
Clinical Analysis of Delayed Vitamin K Deficiency in Infants
The double-sleeved balloon 170 advantageously prevents the femoral artery closure retractor 100 from entering the femoral artery 10 and damaging it.
Role of Metallothionein in the Protection of Ischemic and Reperfusion Injury of Kidney and the Influence on Immunological System
There were no new tachyarrhythmias such as atrial fibrillation or flutter and ventricular tachycardia or fibrillation provoked in 10 dogs after experimental RFCA with effective refractory periods
inverstigations of sequence distribution in vinyl alcohol-vinyl acetate copolymer by ( 13) c-nmr
birth process and fetal position abnormal is 27.69 percent
the present invention relate to a method for that treatment of organs which are degenerative and /or in the pathological state by mean of the use of cells
The numbers of CD3+T lymphocyte and CD68+ macrophage increased significantly in the interstitial tissue as compared with that of control group(P<0.05),and infiltration of both cell types was found in the tubules.
expression vectors containing the said DNA for SLDH and recombinant organisms acting as host cells carrying the said expression vectors.
Studies on the C-banding Technique of Plant Chromosomes
in which the mutant : a ) produces more of a transcriptional activator encoded by a nucleic acid sequence of any of claims 1 to 16 than the parent cell when cultured under the same conditions , and b ) comprises a DNA sequence encoding the polypeptide , the transcription of which is activated by the transcriptional activator .
The application of photodynamic treatment of gastric cancer in recent years has made encouraging progress,and it has satisfactory clinical effect for the various periods of gastric cancer.
Objective To observe the clinical effect of Shenxiong injection combined with acupuncture in treatment of cerebral infarction.
Previously, our lab had reported an optimized serum-free medium for ex vivo expansion of CD34+ cells from umbilical cord blood (UCB).
Processes and intermediates useful for preparing fused heterocyclic kinase inhibitors
In addition, the genomic DNA fragments introduced into the selected plants were selected as teosine derived genomic DNA fragments capable of providing crops with a potentially agriculturally advantageous phenotypic variation.
Conclusion The natural baseline background and seasonal growth and decline of the medical vector at the Wuzhou Reycling Resources Processing Park were mastered.It is very necessary to monitor and control medical vectors and infections diease.
Results: sputum crust, irritable cough and blooding in air passage were less seen in treated group than control group(P<0.01
Objective To objectively evaluate the clinical efficacies of different types of warm needling in treating retrogressive gonarthritis.
Asthma patients find that the heat enlarges air passageways of the lung and facilitates breathing
Expression of HearNPV chitinase gene in E.coliand its enhancement on HearNPV virulence
An imidazoline inhibitor was synthesized from oleic acid and diethylenetriamine as reactants,and triethylenetetramine as water carrying agent.The influences of inhibitor concentration,synthesis temperature and reaction time on corrosion inhibition performance were studied by orthogonal experiment and weight loss method.
Objective To investigate the most excellent composite proportion and the most convenient composite method of decalcified bone matrix (DBM), bone cement (BC) and bovine bone morphogenetic protein (bBMP) composite.
Research on the problems of Chinese patent drugs containing musk for pediatric
it has been demonstrate that patients with symptomatic non-allergic rhinitis or even asymptomatic patient with allergic rhinitis out of pollen season present a nasal hyperreactivity to methacholine which could be prevented by ipratropium.
preparing a simplified MS culture medium, adding agar powder and sucrose in the amounts of 6 g/liter and 30 g/liter respectively,
A cytokininoxidase/dehydrogenase is an enzyme that catalyzes the chemical reaction:
The macromonomer with a terminal polymerizable C=C bond was conveniently prepared in one-pot by catalytic chain transfer polymerization(CCTP),which can further copolymerize with acrylates to obtain the amphiphilic anionic acrylic graft polymer.
Possible mechanisms for the protective effect of Astragaloside on doxorubicin-induced cardiotoxicity;
The method comprises the following steps of: (1) cloning the inulin fructose transferase gene (ift), and reconstructing a recombinant vector X-IFTase through double digests; (2) transforming the recombinant vector X-IFTase into pichia yeast competent cell, and performing auxotroph screening and antibiotic resistance screening of positive transformant to obtain the yeast engineering bacteria of inulin fructose transferase; and (3) fermenting the liquid of the engineering bacteria to secrete active inulin fructose transferase.
Any chapter of the Quran. Each of the 114 suras, which vary in length from several words to several pages, encompasses one or more revelations of Muhammad. All but three are in the form of an address from God. The general tone is moralistic, demanding obedience to a transcendent but compassionate God. Except for the opening sura, known as fatiha, they are arranged in descending order of length and numbered serially. They carry conventional names (e.g., Cow, Spider, Blood Clot) deriving from some image contained in them that is not necessarily indicative of their meaning or theme
The preliminary bioassays tests results showed that all derivatives exhibited certain antibacterial activities against Fusarium graminearum and Fusarium solani in 200 mg·L-1.
The Comparison of three Survey Methods on the Human Blood Index of Anopheles sinensis
wherein, X is equal to O or S; R, R and R which can be same or different and represent hydrogen or the alkyl with C1-4 or alkoxy, nitro or halogen atom respectively.
VOHPO_4·0.5H_2O crystals prepared by 1-alcohols exhibit 220 reflection in the diffraction pattern, partial disorder of structure and rose-like morphology.
Conclusion The standardized sequential early EEN+PN therapy can improve the nutritional status and immune function,contribute to patient postoperative recovery,effectively protect the gastrointestinal tract function,reduce associated costs of the nutrition support,and shorten hospital stay.
The results showed that positive PTEN expression was correlated to sensitivity of cetuximab and progression-free survival(PFS) in mCRC patients unselected of K-ras gene.
Most benign nodules showed homogeneous enhancement compared with periprostatic tissue.
Fibrolase and NAT are to be distinguished from other therapeutic agents for the treatment of blood clots in vivo, such as urokinase, streptokinase and tPA which are plasminogen activators.
Prevention and Management of the Infections in Liver Transplant Recipients
Determination of Dihydromyricitine in Tengchasu Teblet by HPLC
Effect of Brown Rice Protein and Its Hydrolysates on Lipid Metabolism in High-fat Diet on Syrian hamsters
in one embodiment, non-cytopathic recombinant rhabdoviridae are cytopathic to disease and/or abnormal cells alone.
Gastric juice pH at 15 min and 8h stress process were significantly higher than that of the con- trol group (P<0.01 and P<0.05).
Differential Expression of Estrogen Receptors Progensterone Receptors and Ki-67 in Endometrium and Diversity of Sexual Hormone in Breast Cancer Women Throughout Tamoxifen
In vitro incubation, IgG (1mg/ml) isolated from immune milk could significantly inhibate the growth of E. coli and salmonella, however, no effect of IgG(05~20mg/ml) on growth of bifidobacterium was observed
Methods ①2D: The end-diastolic area of left ventricle (AC), length in long-axis of LV (L), the end-diastolic diameters of left ventricular posterior wall (LVPWTd), ejection fraction (EF);
As to the allergic rhinitis with sinusitis and nasal polyp, both may be the reason for smell disturbance
Diagnosis and treatment of squamous cell carcinoma of renal pelvis (Report of 16 cases)
Results The positive expression of folate receptor alpha was detected in 88. 9%(40/45) primary carcinoma of the liver,18.8 %(6/32) in cirrhosis and negative in normal liver tissue(0/20)which did not correlate with gender and age, but correlate with clinical stage.
Diagnosis and treatment of pancreatic trauma (An analysis of 34 cases)
Objectives To investigate the anxiety and depression status and its influential factors in elderly patients with myocardial infarction,in order to provide the references for specific mental intervention.
OBJECTIVE:To investigate the characteristics and regularity of the adverse drug reactions(ADRs) occurred in Lianyungang First People’s Hospital and to promote clinical rational use of drugs.
11 . a method of preparing processed meats comprising administering an effective amount of a Carnobacterium piscicola strain selected from the group consisting of Carnobacterium piscicola strain CBI ( ATCC Accession No . PTA- 5313 ) , Carnobacterium piscicola strain CB2 ( ATCC Accession No .
Protective effects of Danshenjin on acute myocardial ischemia
There were thirteen factors leading to the multiple stepwise regression model,namely:degree,age,fatigue,digestion,sleep,plant nerve,immunity,aging,constipation,depression,learning,memory,self-realization and sex.
Atomic Force Microscope(AFM) and Scanning Electron Microscopy(SEM) were utilized to characterize the silver colloid and the monolithic column.
A morphological study on the protective effect of Vitamin E on the spermatogenic cells of mice exposed cadmium chronically.
(i) at least one a high charring polymer, (ii) at least one low volatility phosphate ester and (iii) at least one compound which splits off a high volatility phosphorus-containing fragment.
in ord to find that inherent relationship between the changes in rheology and the differentiation of syndrome in qi and blood in patients with retinal vein obstruction, we studied 49 cases of the patient and the same number of healthy people as a control group
This enables one to produce tablets of moisture-sensitive drugs containing cellulose where effective stability, similar to that for mixtures with lactose monohydrate, is combined with the excellent tabletting characteristics exhibited by ordinary MCC, which can be considered as a standard for desirable tabletting properties.
Study on Regeneration in Vitro and HAL1 Gene Transformation of Strawberry
Research on chemical constituents from active extraction of immunity composite decoction
Experimental Study on A549 Cell Death Mediated by Xenoantigen α-galin Human Serum
said ampicillin includes alkali metal salt and its analogue of ampicillin.Said pharmaceutical composition containing ampicillin of the invention uses piperine as bioavailability enhancing agent, the blood concentration that it can be apparent while improving the gastrointestinal administration of ampicillin,
Thus, for a product administered every 24 hours, if the first tablet is retained for 18 hours and if the following tablet passes into the intestine much more rapidly, the patient will not be treated on the first day, but will receive the equivalent of 2 doses on the second day.
Objective To investigate the therapeutic effect of acupoint application on knee osteoarthritis.
6 . AquaMIPs according to claim 5 , wherein the structural analogue of riboflavin used is selected from the group of riboflavin tetra-carboxylic acid esters such as riboflavin acetic acid tetraesters , riboflavin propionic acid tetraesters and riboflavin formic acid tetraesters .
Conclusions The changes of serum CF6,OPN,PCT and NPt levels in type 2 diabetes with diabetic retinopathy were helpful for realizing the pathogenesis of the disease.
CT Features and Its Pathologic Fundaments in External Endometriosis
Comparison for determinations blood platelets with dilution method and whole blood method
stabilize prostate specific antigen
Pork with increased vitamin e concentration, manufacturing method therefor, and feed for purposes thereof
Clinical Survey of Photodynamic Diagnsis and Treatment of Lung Cancer
Adenovirus expression vector mediated gene silencing in suspension cells
study on that length of spinal canal of idiopathic scoliosis patient before and after correction operation,
A functional mouse retroposed gene Rps23r1 reduces Alzheimer's beta-amyloid levels and tau phosphorylation.
resulting recombinant viruses were purified by 7 rounds of plaque purification under phosphribosyl-transferase metabolism selection by addition of mycophenolc acid , xanthin and hypoxanthin .
Group 4 , patients of mean age of69 . 78 . 7 years with diagnosis of new onset or recurrent bladder cancer ( n =46 ) .
in this synthesis technique, ( R ) -glycidol ( graphic formula A ) is protect with triphenylmethyl ( Tr ) to yield trityl glycidol ( graphic formula B ), and that glycidol ring is open by treatment with vinylmagnesium bromide to produce the ether of graphic formula C.
The findings indicated that the developed TLC spots for identification were fairly clear without interference in the blank reference and specific to identify.
The Effect of Porcine Interleukin-6 Gene Entrapped with Cationic Liposome on the Immune Responses of Mice Inoculated with the Antigenetic Gene Vaccine of Taenia Solium
The hydrolytic activity of the esterase for permethrin was found to be higher in the resistant strain than in the susceptible one
Conclusion These serum cytokine biomarkers which are sensitive to ionizing radiation may act in a dose-dependent manner,suggesting that the serum cytokine biomarker candidates can be used for estimating dose of ionizing radiation.
Study of lymphocyte subsets in PBMC and serum sIL-2R in children with Kashin-Beck disease
Methods A total of 40 MRSA strains were isolated from blood and pus.The MRSA strains carrying Panton-Valentine leukocidin gene(PVL-MRSA)were identified by duplex real-time PCR.The patients carrying PVL-MRSA were surveyed.Antimicrobial susceptibility testing was tested with VITEK2-Compact system.
Preparation of Polyion Complex Micelles and the Application in Drug Controlled Release Systems
Value of B-ultrasound in Cryptorchidism
Detection of human papillomavirus genomes 6B/11 and 16/18 DNA in laryngeal carcinomas
Objective To characterize the rheological properties of paper fiber and starch mixed material system using Discovery HR Series rotational rheometer, and to study the mixed uniformity of different formulations between the paper fiber and starch, as well as the effects of starch types, starch content and plasticizers ratios on the processing performance of the materials systems.
Molecular cloning, identification and eukaryotic expression of IL-24 gene in Ca Ski cells
After 7,14,21 and 30 days of ischemia.
Methods A questionnaire survey was conducted in 400 drug addicts of a drug rehabilitation center in Changde in 2010. Their blood samples were collected and enzyme-linked immunity assay(ELISA) was used to detect antibodies of HIV,HCV and TP.The detection results were statistically analyzed.
such as freshly isolate or pre-cultured immature embryo, embryogenic callus and suspension cells
the amnio acid squence is SEQ ID NO:1 or its derivant squence.the sifted antigen epitope LH21 is N section of protein coded by ORF3a gene, its immunity is strong, and the clinical diagnosis value is good.
A nano-structured supermolecule or artificial enzyme was built self-assembly based on sodium dodecyl sulfate nano-micelle and cytochrome c.A significant peroxidase activity was observed and reached the maximum value at pH 10. 5. Its catalytic efficiency was evaluated to be 0. 0219 μmol/L.s.
in a further embodiment, said antibody is label and that binding thereof is inhibit by an unlabeled form of said antibody and not by other binding structures, and not inhibiting the bin of other binding structures having other specificities.
the activator has effect on decreased live function including promoting choleresis, increasing that blood flow to the live tissues and promoting liver tissue respiration, and hepatopathy due to diseases and various causes.
Synthesis and Characterization of the Thin Paper-like Graphite Oxide and Graphene
The results suggest that the mechanisms of inducingatrial and ventricular arrhythmias by hypothalamic stimulation may be dif-ferent
since that tumor metastasis is quite a complex proces,
Conclusion The ceftazidime-resitant P. Aeruginosa strain producing ESBLs might be priority,followed by AmpC enzyme and metallo-beta-lactamases.
intracellular expression of viral gene in CV1 cells was analyze on Western blotting with anti-SeV antibody at various times ( hrs ) indicated at that top of each lane.
RESULT The knowledge of AIDS/STD of the persons raised from 62.1% to 78.2%(Pcondom use) after the health education
The Investigation of Methanol Carbonylation and Etherification Catalyzed by Ionic Liquid
Notoxic and mutant superantigen Glutathione s-transferase and mutation Toxic shock syndrome Toxic 1 fusion protein (GST-mTSST-1) was obtained by M13 site-directed mutagenensis. The GST-mTSST-1 molecules were shown to be minimal toxicity fusion protein.
Key points of the AASLD’s guidelines on hepatitis C diagnosis and treatment
The structures of all the compounds were characterized by IR,ESI-MS,MALDI-TOF-MS,1H NMR,13C NMR,elemental analysis and TGA.
In the early 1990s, Boon and his colleagues reported the first successful coloing of a human tumor antigen, termed melanoma antigen-1 (MAGE-1). Subsequently, many tumor antigens had been identified
Measurement of ROC carve for Kodak blue sensitive x-ray film-screen system
Furthermore, the prokaryotic expression system employed is simpler to establish than known eukaryotic methods.
Clinical Treatment of Acute Traumatic Diaphragmatic Hernia
the slurry was further cool to 1. degree. C. during 4 h and that crystal were isolated by filtration, washed with isopropanol ( 2. times. 100 mL, 0. degree. C.) and dry in vacuo for 17 h at 35. degree. C. giving an off-white crystalline product ( 44.2 g
Objective: To observe the effect of fluoxetine for motor recovery after acute cerebral infarction.
The resin 1 has an adsorption capacity of 771 mg Au3+/g determined by the static state method after contacting with the solution of HAuCl4 (pH = 1, c = 1 mg Au3+/ml) for 72 hrs.
Lentivirus-mediated LOX-1-RNA interference attenuates oxidative stress-induced apoptosis in myocardial cells
However,a concentration-response relationship was observed between NP exposure and CYP19A mRNA or ERα mRNA,with 125 μg·L-1 NP significantly increasing both CYP19A and ERα mRNAs in the testis.These results suggested that NP can render its adverse effects on testicular development through altering the expression of genes encoding enzymes involved in the synthesis of male sex hormone.
The results of themethodological studies indicated that this HPLC fingerprint is of high precision, strong repeatability and good stability, conforming to the establishment principleof TCM fingerprint.The established standards have been validated through testingof three batch samples taken from pilot production and verified.The fingerprintcan fully be used for controlling the final quality of Bear Gall Pill and has laid afoundation for the modernization of the product and for its growth into a “leadingproduct
By full ventilatory and nutritional support, vasoactive drugs, maintenance of normothermia, hormone replacement and other supportive measures, the fetus could be born several weeks after brain death of the mother, thereby improving the survival prognosis for the fetus.
Resources - Acute Infectious Conjunctivitis
Results The stenosis was dilated in all cases,4 cases by PTCA,2 cases by PTCA and CASI,1 case by direct CASI. PTCA was failed in one case.
it is possible to include an additional thicken agent, such as a small concentration of xanthan gum, curdlan, modified starch or celluloses in that composition in addition to the gel particles.
A modified bioluminescent system comprising a fluorescent molecule covalently linked with a photoprotein, wherein said link between the two proteins has the function to stabilize the modified bioluminescent system and allowing the transfer of the energy by Chemiluminescence Resonance Energy Transfer (CRET).
The cardanol dimers may also be used to produce friction particles or phenolic resins.
After cooling, add water (30 L) and stir to crystallize the product.
PaO_2/FiO_2 and PaCO_2 were measured at base before saline-lavaged, at 0,1,2 and 3 hours after ARDS model establishment. Respiratory mechanics, arterial pressure, and heart rate were also recorded at the same time
Expression and Significance of MMP-9,VEGF and bFGF in non-Hodgkin's lymphoma
PY99 monoclonal antibody and biotinylation sheep anti-rat antibody are sequentially added for photophobic reaction, and then photosensitive particles coated with streptavidin are added, and detection is carried out after incubation.
After cultured with calcitriol of 10-7mol/L for 6d(IC50 group),the percentage of cells in G1 phase was elevated from 39. 78% to 59. 81%,and the percentage of cells in S phase was obviously decreased from 54. 6% to 33. 08%,comparing with those of control group.
similar to that immunoglobulin gene,
Analysis on One Case of Primary Aldosteronism Manifesting Ictal Myasthenia of Limbs
Purification and Characterization of the Proteases Associated PSII Particles of Spinach
Establishment of a Sandwich ELISA with Double Antibodies to Human Serum Fibronectin
Autonomic nerve system damage and pyramidal tract and extrapyramidal system dysfunction are happened in part of patients.
Treatment of fungal corneal ulcer with amniotic membrane transplantation combined with fluconazole
The research team found that the expression level of β-arrestin2 in liver sample of model mouse with Type II diabetes was remarkably knocked down, suggesting its potential role in Type II diabetes.
These intravenous preparations, skin preparations for external use, mucosal preparations for external use or cosmetics are useful particularly in promoting the tissue regeneration/reconstruction in incised wounds, open wounds, bite wounds and missing of skin or mucosa or in promoting would healing.
Comparison of gene status of EGFR,KRAS and MET in primary non-small cell lung cancer and lymph node-metastases
Stoma distribution in flag leaves was not homogeneous in diseased plants.There were significant differences between infected plants and the control in chlorophyll and carotenoid.
In another approach, the osmolarity of a sample fluid may be determined by an ex vivo technique that involves analyzing the freezing point of the sample fluid.
Detection of pre-S2 antigen of HBV in clinical samples and its clinical significance
Results The blood pressure of all patients were increased significantly and there was significant difference before and after MECT(P<0.001).
it was shown that PGXN3000 contain an aconitase gene encoding XooAcanA and could express in strain 8476. this aconitase gene which was refer to as rpfA gene of Xoo was shown to restore that pathogenicity and production of extracellular enzymes and polysaccharide of strain 8476.
The result of sequencing indicated that the sequence of our cDNA is different greatly from that of the reported human MBL cDNA but identical with that of the mRNA for human MBL in GenBank except two nucleotides, and that its encoded product consists of a typical hydrophobic signal sequence of 20 amino acids and a mature MBL polypeptide of 228 amino acids.
the polymer or polymer blend, the conductive filler and additives ( if appropriate ) are compounded at a temperature that is at least 20 c higher, but generally no more than 120 c higher, than the melting temperature of the polymer or polymer blend.
Infantile diarrhea general nursing diet nursing,psychological nursing,skin nursing,disease observation;based on the combination of TCM syndrome differentiation and disease differentiation,with the pertinent nursing measures,the implementation of security measures of treatment,promoting disease rehabilitation.
The enzyme and prodrug are amenable to intermixing and injection as a single dose or as separate injection or administration to the targeted cells.
Conclusion The breast diseases are prevalent among the rural fertile women,which is affected by multi-factors.
because of the lower cell temperatures in cells of the upper respiratory tract and skin, the antiviral rnai response is reduced compared to that of cells of other body parts, so that the chance that a virus infection becomes established is increased.
The clinical research for the neurotoxicity caused by Oxaliplatin-based chemotherapy in winter trerated and prevented by acupoint sticking of warming and activating meridian
Color Doppler Ultrasound ( CDU) is the best imaging method before and after hepatic carcinoma treatment
Tritici,and the control efficacy of admixture of them was much better.
On the Reaction Conditions in which Fe~(2+) in Alkaline Medium are oxidized Into Fe~(3+);
CLINICAL EVALUATION OF ~(99m)Tc-Sb_2S_3 COLLOID CERVICAL LYMPHOSCINTIGRAPHY
skin epidermis separate therapeutic apparatus
Objective To evaluate the therapeutic effects of 180 degrees selective laser trabeculoplasty(SLT) on eyes of primary open angle glaucoma(POAG) for several times.
A prime for effectively coloning the thiooxido-reductase gene of high-temp element is disclosed, which can be used to synthesize PCR probe for performing said cloning from chemoautotrophic microbes. For said primes, the first 15 bases at its P1:3 terminal are the DNA fragments of 15-30 bases of 3-ACA ATG GTA CGT CTG.
In this mini-review, the history, logical basis for the use of domino grafts and the surgical techniques will be described
The Comparison Study of Changing Irradiation Target Volume of Mediastinal Lymph Node Drainage in Conformal Radiotherapy for Patients with Non Small Cell Lung Cancer
A combination of the invention comprising a chemotherapeutic agent which is an aromatase inhibitor is particularly useful for the treatment of hormone receptor positive tumors, e.g. breast tumors.
invasion of the body by pathogen must show symptoms on the body
From the obsarved fluorescence spectra, the main fluorescence transition channels of H'2II- (v =1, 2) were identified
Study on the Effect and Mechanism of Acidic Heavy Metals Drainage with Simulated Constructed Wetlands
Axonal growth cones appear to be guided through the combined action of attractive cues, which encourage axon extension, and repulsive cues, which discourage or prevent axonal growth. Netrins are secreted proteins that elicit both attractive and repulsive responses in extending axonal processes and migrating cells in the central and peripheral nervous system. These bifunctional effects of guidance cues could result from activation of different types of receptors for attraction (DCC) and repulsion (UNC5H).
The incidence of bacterial infection increased with the severity of cirrhosis and severe bacterial infection occurred in Child-Pugh class B and C.
Conclusion Medical anti-adhesion film can effectively prevent abdominal adhesions after cesarean section, with less cost, no pain, and can significantly improve the quality of life, which can generate enormous social and economic benefits after widely application.
Pediatric multiple sclerosis:Detection of clinically silent lesions by multimodal evoked potentials
In a best fit regression model, baseline area under the curve of hypoglycaemia was only weakly related to the effect of continuous glucose monitoring compared with self monitoring of blood glucose on hypoglycaemia outcome, and sensor usage was unrelated to hypoglycaemia at outcome.
The biofilm-electrode reactor was established for degradation chlorobenzene and three isomers of dichlorobenzene. The mass spectrometry was applied for detecting the intermediate products of chlorobenzene and dichlorobenzene in biofilm-electrode system. Base on which, the degradation pathway was analyzed. Research verified that the degradation rate of these refractory organics was significantly faster than conventional biodegradation
Results All the six flavobacteria were BLA-producing strains and more than 80% of them were ESBLs-producing, and they were highly resistant to ¦Â-lactamase antibiotics (MIC 32-256 mg/L), but susceptible to fluoroquinolones and cephalosporin with ¦Â-lactamase inhibitors (MIC 0.125-8 mg/L
The Study of Bone Forming by Periosteum to Fill the Minipig Mandibular Defection
Clinical Research of Plasma Levels of Endothelin in Patients with Acute Cerebral Infarction
sections can then be generated from different blocks 34 and slides containing the cells from these sections can be obtained and processed as desired, e.g., protein, dna, rna, or other studies.
Objective To analyse the result of late course accelerated hyper-fractionated radiotherapy (LCAHFR) of upper and middle thoracic segment esophageal T2N0M0 carcinoma.
The Role of MK-801 on the Brain Against Lidocaine Induced Convulsion in Rats;
The Efficacy of Mannatide on Patients during the Stable Phase ofAsthma
Following strict surgical indications, arthroscopic partial meniscectomy could help patients improve th Eir symptoms
it has been surprinsingly found that a composition have a synergistic photoprotective effect on that skin may be obtained by combine into an ingestable carrier, a probiotic micro-organism and a yeast.
late transcription
The results indicate that the overall density of the radiation-induced interface traps and oxide traps increase with proton energy and doses.
Epidemiological data showed that incidence season was mainly in March to June,sex ratio of positive samples was 1. 52: 1 for male and female.Age of onset for HFMD concentrated in children of 1 to 6 years old(92. 98%).
In those aspects of the invention in which trimegestone is administered transdermally or vaginally , the daily dosage of trimegestone in the first and second phases of an ascending - dose extended cycle regimen can be 0.7 mg to 1.0 mg .
Inhibition of platelet-collagen interaction: a normal in vivo action of insulin abolished by obesity
Desmoplakin Ⅱ(DP Ⅱ ) which connects intermediate filaments to desmosomes is one of themajor desmosomal proteins.
Moore's thyroid retractor
the UV light causes genetic disorder and inactivation of the micro-organisms .
Objective: To study the effects of RhoB on the proliferation of chronic myeloid leukemia(CML) cells.
The mechanism of the traditional Chinese medicine treatment produce effect by improving the local condition and adjusting immunity function and anti-inflammation and releasing tic.
[Result] The results showed that treatment with 1-3 mM Zn(NO3)2 resulted in significant increases in total root length /number and in accumulation of H2O2 and O2·- but decreases in root system proton export ability.
it is prefer that sabcomeline or a pharmaceutically acceptable salt thereof is administered as adjunctive therapeutic treatment to patient who are receiving administration of at least one neuroleptic agent,
HYPOXIC PRECONDlTIONING DECREASES APOPTOSIS OF CULTURED RAT HIPPOCAMPAL NEURONS AFTER ANOXIA AND REOXYGENATION
Japan: Soy Protein-packed soy is linked to the prevention of cancer and osteoporosis.
Study Progress about Postischemia Adapation
Cloning expression purification and cytotoxic assay of sTRAIL in A549 cell line
Intratympanic Gentamycin for Intractable Meniere Disease
Scientists would also like to uncover the molecular interactions that enable protective antigen heptamers to move from the cell surface into endosomes inside the cell
the reaction is carry out in that presence of a copper salt such as cupric acetate in the presence of an organic base, preferably an amine base such as triethylamine, in an inert solvent such as dioxane, methylene chloride or tetrahydrofuran, at a temperature from -20. degree. C. to the boile point of the solvent
results : elevated level of alpha beta 2gpi was found in sle group
The transcription of IFN-β and RIG-I was detected by Real-Time PCR; the protein expression of RIG-I and EV71 was detected by immunoblotting.
Results: Coma period, the dosage of atropine and hospitalization time in the study group were less than those in the control group(P<0.01
The results showed that the inactivation effect of Escherichia coli was enhanced when the electric field strength and total treatment time were increased
irradiation of ~ ( 235 ) uranium on that growth, behavior and some biochemical change of brain in neonatal rats
these polyether polyols may contain other oxyalkylene groups like oxypropylene and / or oxybutylene groups.
Comparison Study between the Effects of Inhibitors on the Activities of Mushroom Tyrosinase and Potato Polyphenol Oxidase;
Experimental and Clinical Studies on Repair of Cleft Palate
Purification of Proanthocyanidins from Pinus massoniana's Bark on Macroporous Adsorption Resins and Studies on Its Antioxidant Activities
the recurrence rate 22.67% (17 of 75 eyes were recurred) in group B
By determining the difference concentration of pure HDL and LDL we observed that both direct methods had good specific to HDL-C.
The plaque assay of L783V/3T3 cells was positive, typical A-type and C-type virus particles could be observed under electronmicroscope.
Summary of the Invention This invention provides a method of preventing Type 2 diabetes with inhaled insulin, comprising administering to a human patient in need of such prevention, an effective amount of inhaled aerosolized insulin.
Here, sulfuric acid, phosphoric acid or oxalic acid may be selectively used as the electrolyte solution 23 for the anodic oxidation process
Therefore the presently applied therapy aims at alleviating the symptoms and limiting the spread of the disease.
The tumors were oval in 8 patients and round in 4 patients.Seven tumors had well-defined margin,and 5 had indistinct margin.
Detection of urogenital Chlamydia trachomatis infection by VIDAS CHL assay
inhibition of that cupric complexe of amino acid on Microsclerotia formation of Verticillium dahliae
Experimental Study of Doppler Tissue Imaging technique in Assessing Wall Motions of Swine
We address the spicule of the mandarin fish dorsal-fin which was selected as a model mineral phase and investigated in detail employing a series of methods including field emission scanning electron microscope,X-ray diffraction,Fourier transform infrared spectroscopy,thermal gravimetric analysis,transmission electron microscopy and selected area electron diffraction.
Cam induced a typical apoptosis in sensitive HL60 cells, but arrested the HR20 cells at G2 phase at 24h.
the compounds of formula ( 1 ) may also be administered in the form of suppositories for rectal administration of the drug.
Astudy of histopathology and classification on infiltrating lobular carcino ma of the breast
it is mostly suitable for syndrome of blood stasis and qi stagnation with stagnate heat because of its cold and cool nature.
24. A pharmaceutical composition according to claim 15 which further comprises a second therapeutic agent.
(1) Tea extract, instant tea or soluble tea is a dried product made exclusively by the aqueous extraction of tea.
the present invention provide novel methods of prevent, diagnosing, and treating critical limb ischemia ( CLI), using eNOS polypeptide and polynucleotides to modulate eNOS activity in cells
The content of SOD,MDA,Proline before and after 1,5 and 9 d of 0.5% salinity stress was measured,subjection function was used to assess their salt tolerance.
All patients were performed CR examination before MRI scan
the aim of this study was to assess possible sign of immunologic activation of mononuclear cells at that site of the lesion in patients with recurrent aphthous ulcer ( RAU ). the population consisted of 41 patients with active RAU, and 35 patient with oral mucosa injury but without RAU history to serve as controls. these patients were subjected to flow cytometry analysis using threecolour immunofluorescent staining.
Experimental study of effect of EYL on immune function in mice and non suppurative otitis guinea pig was also conducted.
Effects of chlorpromazine and clozapine on serum creatine phosphokinase in schizophrenia
Gastrointestinal reaction cannot be taken as the overall basis for diagnosing gastrointestinal injury, and it is advisable to take gastroscopy as a recheck item after radiotherapy
Left bundle branch block (LBBB) is a kind of rarely abnormal change of ECG
⑵The 12g/kg of Radix Rheum decoction was pre-injected oral,the inhibitory rate was 48 1%.
odor of swealy feet syndrome
Results Vinpocetine injection has no effects of hemolysis,vascular irritation or sensitization.
Clinical analysis in 225 cases of craniocerebral trauma of cephalic posteriors
76859 A high-performance tonic beverage contains Radix Ginseng, Fructus Jujubaem Fructus Lycii and crystal sugar is prepared by decocting Radix Ginseng in water for 30-40min, mixing with Fructus Jujubae (soaked in boiling water for 7-15 min) and Fructus Lycii decoction, and adding crystal sugar.
The cardiac stimulator 5 comprises an electric impulse generator and electrodes to be placed in the heart of the patient for transmitting the electric impulses to the cardiac cells
A clinical study on relationship between hypertriglyceridemia and acute pancreatitis
Specific antibody of the turbot fries could be detected in a week after injection immunization and maintained high level for at least 6 weeks, with the highest of 1382,the relative percentage survival (RPS) was 50%;
THE EFECT OF L ARG AND L NAME ON SERUM ENDOTHELIN AND NITRIC OXIDE IN NEWBORN RATS WITH ASPHYXIA.
MethodsTotally 48 freshly extracted human premolars were selected, prepared into dentin discs,and randomly divided into 3 groups(group A:control group,group B:ClinproTMXT Varnish group,group C:Oravive group).
2.Substitute mark of the muscles origins and terminations , the bogus arm of muscular force and the angle of the muscular function conversion,have important theoretical meaning and applied value in rational assessment of the muscular function.
Staining for p63 has been shown to correlate strongly with altered differentiation, including metaplasia, either in isolation or in combination with endometrial neoplasia
the preparation has no side effect, can be use for treating respiratory viral infection and viral and bacterial infection, specifically influenza. on basi of that base formula, radix Glycyrrhizae Preparata ( Glycyrrhiza Uralensis Fisch, Leguminosae) and herba Ephedrae Preparata ( Ephedra sinica Stapf, Ephedraceae) can be added to treat acute episode of asthma due to respiratory infection
Results Genomic segment 10,11 of J19 encoding NSP4 and NSP5 were 739 bp and 649 bp in length, and the deduced proteins were 213 AA and 176 AA respectively
Recent studies demonstrate that both the regulatory DCs, Tregs and their individual markers such as PD-1, CTLA-4, FOXP3 and LAG-3 played an important role in immune tolerance.But the association of these molecules with the function of DCs and Tregs was not clearly known
Sub-Material Gathers colors from a single sub-material, and generates particles only on faces with the specified sub-material ID (Material ID).
Regulation and Molecular Mechanism of Transcription Factor GATA-1 during Erythroid Differentiation
ASCT; autologous stem cell transplantation
The earliest gene patents were obtained around 1978 on the gene for human growth hormone
It was validated that NJS mouse is a newbred inbred line with particular genetic background and specific property
The propagation culture may be conducted in accordance with the necessary number of the clones.
Clinical Study of Clopidogrel in Non-ST-elemate ACS
MPVR, VR were useful to detect tumor stain, tumor vascularity, the origin of tumor supplying arteries, and the APS.
Monoclonal antibody therapy targeting surface antigens of leukemic cells
③ There is a restriction of sensory system in the Left field of vision,not the differences between left and right hemisphere when recognize words.
Using murine fetal liver stromal cells and bone marrow stromal cells as feed layers,the effects of stromal cells on the proliferation of GM-CFU-C were investigated.
carboxyl-functionalized adducts of amino- or hydroxyl-terminated polymers and carboxylic anhydrides, as well as further reaction products of such adducts with epoxy resins (such as those described in U.S. Pat. No. 6,884,854 and U.S. Patent Application Publication No. 2005/0215730, each of which is incorporated herein by reference in its entirety
Objective To investigate the application of metal and plastic stents for malignant obstructive jaundice.
The colour was changed when SEW was reared with feed mixed with dopamine.
Recombinant hCGβ Lactobacillus Inducing Anti-hCGβ Antibody by Their Inoculation to BALB/c Murine Vagina
Dimenhydrinate(DMH) was widely used as a kind of histamine antagonist in clinic.
radiation curable, low viscosity inks and coatings are typically composed of one or more ( meth ) acrylated monomers and / or oligomers.
performing the polymerization reaction for different reaction times to determine a target reaction time that provides a PLLA polymer material with the target LLA monomer content;
The side effects of 、 and groups are lower than those of and groups(P <0 .0 5 ) ,and italso has statistical significance in comparison with and groups(P <0 .0 5 ) .
it can be use for treating cerebrovascular disease and cardiovascular diseases, such as coronary heart disease and angina pectoris.
Synthesis and Characterization of New Porous Heteropoly Compound Catalytic Materials
Empedobacter lacunatus
Bcl-2 and Bcl-XL have been shown to confer chemotherapy resistance in short-term survival assays in vitro and, more recently, in vivo.
Objective To explore the reasons of multiple drug hypersensitivity of acquired immunodeficiency syndrome(AIDS) patients through analyzing its clinical characteristics.
Methods: The drug resis-tance of 44 strains of nosocomial infection pathogen were detected with disinfection method that Health Ministry determined.
Glasses type electrotherapeutic acupuncture therapeutic equipment
include benzyl trimethyl ammonium bromide, benzyl tributyl ammonium bromide, lauryl dimethyl benzyl ammonium bromide, cetyl dimethyl benzyl ammonium bromide, dodecyl dimethyl benzyl ammonium bromide, tetradecyl dimethyl benzyl ammonium bromide, hexadecyl dimethyl benzyl ammonium bromide, octadecyl dimethyl benzyl ammonium bromide, dodecyl dimethyl benzyl ammonium iodide, tetradecyl dimethyl benzyl ammonium iodide, hexadecyl dimethyl benzyl ammonium iodide, octadecyl dimethyl benzyl ammonium iodide, dodecyl trimethyl benzyl ammonium iodide, and also dodecyl dimethyl ammonium carbonate, dodecyl dimethyl ammonium bicarbonate, and combination thereof.
2.We collect 13 cases of chronic osteomyelitis patients which are given orally or externally with Chinese medicine for average 2-6 months, 14 days per course.
special serum-free tissue culture medium require for that establishment of long-term proliferating, stromal cell, IL-7 dependent murine preB cell ( formulation for 1 liter of medium
is of therapeutic use in the treatment of a condition associated with T-cell proliferation or that is mediated by pro- and/or anti-inflammatory cytokines.
It is the major integral transmembrane protein of the erythrocyte plasma membrane, comprising 25% of the total membrane protein.
such a proces yields a liquid which function as a catalyst in alkoxylation reactions involving substrates include methyl esters of fatty acids, carboxylic acids, and alcohols
Mechanism of curcumin in preventing left ventricular collagen network remodeling in rats with chronic heart failure
Effect on Nisin Production by Expressing Nisin Resistance Protein Mutant
spread was tested use a light microscope and proliferation determined by 3H-TdR incorporation and counting that number of cell.
Objective To Summarize the nursing methods and effects of transcatheter arterial chemoembolization treatment of middle-late Liver Cancer.
Relationships between the K121Q Polymorphism of the PC-1 Gene and Obesity and Type 2 Diabetes
Progress on PI3K/Akt signaling pathway regulating self-renewal and pluripotency of embryonic stem cells
At month 6 the clinical and laboratory parameters improved significantly in both groups ( P <0 01).
1 . a nutritional supplement derived from skeletal tissue found in fish .
Enbloc pancreaticoduodenectomy for locally advanced gastric or colonic cancer: a report of 15 cases
Results:46.67% of cases had expression of DCC and 36.67% of cases had expression of PTEN in the tumor cells
Study on Adsorption and Separation of Matrine by Macroporous Adsorbing Resin
have the symptoms of fever, vomiting, coughing, respiratory difficulty, diarrhea, skin eruption, and subcutaneous hemorrhage without definite cause diagnosed epidemics.
polynucleotide molecule
The Mental Characteristic and Nursing to old Patients
Detection of virus antigen and nucleic acid in liver patients with Non A-E hepatitis
Cloning of nucleoprotein and glycoprotein genes and construction of recombinant adenovirus shuttle vector with N and G genes
if that vertebrae has an irregularity on the anterior side thereof
Water was used as the reaction medium in the above steps,and the total yield of 1H-tetrazole acetic acid was higher than 65%.
an aryl radical containing between 6 and 12 carbon atoms, which is optionally substituted,
Methods 54 healthy female SD rats were randomly divided into three groups, control group, I/R group and SAM group. Every group contained 18 rats, and was further divided into three subgroups according to different I/R course, subgroup 0, 1h and 6h.
Fluorescence spectrophotometric assay of O_6methyIguanine in low concentration
4.Increased expression of HOXA1 0 induced by EGF, FGF and PDGF,suggest the growth factor may affect implantation through HQXAI 0.
The severitycriterion of lung injury after trauma is proposed
the Solanum tuberosum L. extract can inhibit obesity, and low free fatty acid and cholesterol as hyperlipoidemia induction factor in blood.
In murine models, SC-injected dendritic cells are later found in T cell areas of draining lymph nodes and trigger protective antitumor immunity that is superior to that following IV immunization.
PREDICTING YIELD OF CASTANEA MOLLISSIMA WITH POLLEN CONCENTRATION
congestion and edema of the lungs is common in patients with heart failure and in areas of inflammation of the lung.
Effects of litter removal on soil respiration under simulated nitrogen deposition in a Pinus tabuliformis forest in Taiyue Mountain,China
Genetic Analysis of Different Populations of Fenneropenaeus Chinensis Based on RAPD and ISSR Markers
Method for efficiently extracting and purifying natamycin
Direct Projections of Paraventricular Nuclei to Spinal Cord in Avian Hypothalamus
The ages of this group are from 19 to 72, 49.4 in average; and they include 45 male and 65 female
Conclusions Nerve allograft cryopreserved in recipie nt plasma is a good candidate for bridging of nerve defect in that it resul ted in better nerve regeneration than allografts wit h simple cryopreservation
washing with phosphate buffered saline ( pbs) twice to remove medium components
Effects of paeoniflorin on bilirubin-induced apoptosis and NF-κB activity of hippocampal neurons
Application of APC and intelligent electric knife for polypus of gastrointestinal tract
Silversupported activated carbons antibacterial and adsorption abilities, are usually obtained by a solution impregnation method
The Synthetic Study of Alkyl-substituted Triarylamine as Organic Hole Transport Materials and Their Intermediates;
in that case of inducible expression, protein production can be initiate when required by, for example, addition of an induc substance to the culture medium, for example dexamethasone or IPTG
Relationship of stagantion of blood and zinc copper in plasma
Study of a picosecond tunable ultrashort cavity dye laser
the physician can have a less obstructed view of the spine under imaging, than with a facet joint implant sizing tool comprising radiopaque materials entirely.
in principle, be produce from any desired tissue or organ from any animal by disrupt a sample of that tissue or organ, preferably to individual cells or to small groups of cells
in a subclass of this clas are those polymers and oligomer wherein R is n-hexyl.
Studies on Transglutaminase Treatment Improving Properties of edible Composite Films
the desired amount of the compound dissolves in the aqueous polymerization medium .
R2 is selected from aryl, heterocyclyl, C1-C7 alkyl, C3-C10-cycloalkyl, C5-C10 cycloalkenyl, C(O) NR5R6, halo, C1-C7 alkoxy, alkylthio, hydroxyl, C1-C7 alkylcarbonyl, carboxy, carbonyl, cyano and sulfonamide, wherein the alkyl, cycloalkyl, cycloalkenyl, aryl and heterocyclyl groups are optionally substituted by one or more substituents selected from halogen, C1-C6 alkyl and C1-C6 alkoxy
Study on the nitrogen and protein content in spring wheat under low seeding density cultivation
Screening of Strains and Effect of Culture Media and Conditions an Xylanase Production
Establish hepatocellular carcinoma multidrug resistance cell line by transferring the MDR1 cDNA
The product was isolated by silica gel column chromatography using a methanol/dichloromethane system with a stepwise increasing MeOH concentration.
isolate injury to that renal pelvis following blunt abdominal trauma is very rare
the amount of that agent may vary with the stage of treatment.
supercoil retention in DNA still encapsulate following 100 hrs of release teste,
The doppler processing unit 13 performs data creation processing for doppler-mode image composition for compositing a doppler image on which moving object information is imaged, such as the average velocity, the distribution, the power, and the like, of such as blood flow, by using the doppler effect, based on the received reception data.
The ratio of differentiated neurons in EGF group were significantly less than that in bFGF and bFGF+EGF groups, in contrast, the number of astrocytes were more than that in bFGF and bFGF+EGF groups.
Culture medium and culture method of Fuscoporia punctata first level strain
suppression of transcription by hybrid formation at that site where the RNA polymerase has for a local open loop structure;
the present invention describe novel methods for use treprostinil or its derivative, or a pharmaceutically acceptable salt thereof, for that treatment and/or prevention of ischemic lesions, such as digital ulcers, in subjects with scleroderma ( include systemic sclerosis), Buerger's disease
Furthermore it is no need to sterilize the surface of the gill for purification in culture medium.This isolation approach may be extended in other groups of the saprophytic fungi characterized by small fruiting body size and thin pileus,similar to these two genera.
The invention relates to a pharmaceutical composition of dsRNA and astragalus polysaccharide and application thereof,
The initiator solution 40 may contain at least one selected from a group of lithium aluminum hydride (LiAlH4), nascent hydrogen, sodium amalgam, sodium borohydride (NaBH4), compounds containing Sn2+ ions, tin(II) chloride, sulfite compounds, hydrazine (Wolff-Kishner reduction), zinc-mercury amalgam (Zn(Hg)) (Clemmensen reduction), diisobutylaluminum hydride (DIBAH), Lindlar catalyst, oxalic acid (C2H2O4), formic acid (HCOOH), ascorbic acid (C6H8O6), phosphites, hypophosphites, phosphorous acid, compounds containing the Fe2+ ion, such as iron(II) sulfate.
However gastric tumor markers inspection is simple,fast,non-invasive and easy to monitor the dynamic characteristics.So it is applied to seek and diagnosis of gastric cancer patients.Gastric tumor markers inspection has become a hot researching field.
It was the positive standard of HP infection that urease test and gastric mucosal biopsy were positive together.
steroid withdrawal in live transplantation
Isoenzyme studies of SOD and POD on effect of SODMC on cold-resistance of rice seedlings
the SiO2 rod/metal rod is vertically lif at a speed, a extended polymer fiber is for between that tail end of the SiO2 rod/metal rod and the polymer in the melting state or the polymer solution;
Objective: To summarize the clinical experience of the microsurgical operation for sellar region tumors via the pterional approach.
The resistant rates of MRSA against commonly used antibiotics were above 80%,but the sensitive rates of MRSA to vancomycin and teicoplanin were both 100%.
for example, a 20 percent zein solubition in ethanol solution can be used to apply the protein layer.
systemic administration can also be by transmucosal or transdermal mean
to separate a single particle from a group of particles, to culture a cell, to treat a particle,
Traditional Chinese medicine for treating infant parotitis
Objective To investigate the clinical effect of the excision(CKC)fibromatosis in the treatment of cervical intraepithelial(CIN),cervical loop electrosurgical excision procedure(LEEP)and cervical cold knife cone.
Familial X-linked cardiomyopathy (Danon disease): Diagnostic confirmation by mutation analysis of the LAMP2gene
Result: Experimental results showed that the repair and regeneration of maxillary sinus mucosa was intact in dogs after 5 weeks of radical operation.Clinical study indicated that the condition of anterior wall with a resutured bone-lid was normalized radiographically during the follow up time of 1-3 months
the configuration and the yield of the final enantiomer formed with this process, was depending on the configuration of the n-teit-butanesulfinyl moiety of the ketimines, the composition of the aryl and / or the heteroaryl moieties of the ketimines,
OBJECTIVE: Studying the effects of . L-tetrahydropalmatine (L-THP) and d1- tetrahydropalmatine (dl-THP) to female rats with low serum prolaction(PRL) caused by pergolide (Per) and bromocriPtine (Bro).
The difference between EGF and TGF-α represented the proportion of G2/M phase at 1μg/L and S phase at 10μg/L(P<0.05).
example 18 N-Cyclopropyl-1- 3- ( 3-amino-3-ethylpent-1-ynyl ) phenyl -1,4- dihydro 1 , 8 naphthyridin-4-one-3-carboxamide Following the procedure of EXAMPLE 17 , but substituting N- cyclopropyl-1- ( 3-bromophenyl ) -1 , 4-dihydro 1,8 naphthyridin-4-one-3-carboxamide from Step 1 of EXAMPLE 6 for N-isopropyl-1- ( 3-bromophenyl ) -1 , 4- dihydro 1 , 8 naphthyridin-4-one-3-carboxamide , the title compound was obtained as a solid .
Local inflammatory cytokine changes in degenerative vertebral discs in patients with cervical spondylotic myelopathy
In atrial fibrillation applications, for example, the deployable membrane 34 having an asymmetrical structure can involve two or more different applications of energy and rotations of the membrane 34 to completely isolate the pulmonary vein
Establishment of a Transgenic Cell Model for Preliminary Screening of Chemopreventive Agents
Objective To investigate applying values of color Doppler ultrasound- guided biopsy combined with angiography in the diagnosis of ovarian tumors.
The patient with immunocompromise developed pulmonary infection after hospitalization,which was diagnosed with cytomegalovirus pneumonia.
Impact of minimally invasive percutaneous nephrolithotripsy on renal function of solitary kidney
Study on Total DNA Extraction from Cinnamomun Camphora
The Child-Pugh score, the model for end-stage liver disease (MELD) score, and the occurrence of cirrhosis-related complications are independent prognostic predictors used in the assessment of chronic liver diseases.
We pretreated(desizeing, scouring, bleaching) cellulose fabric(cotton, hemp) with cellulase and pectinase respectively, mixed emzyme (a-amylolytce, pectinase and cellulase), the blended enzyme of cellulase and pectinase, and complex enzymne SKD.We tested quantitatively the pretrentment effect:whiteness, absorbency and fabric strength etc
A Variety of Non-ionic Surfactant-Sucrose Fatty Acid Ester and Its Analysis Method
The positive predicting value of DP-T was higher for above 50 years old females and males
illness like tuberculosis, diphtheria, pneumonia meant only death.
the recombinant DNA construct comprise a polynucleotide operably linked to a promote that is functional in a plant, wherein said polynucleotide encodes a Zinc-Finger ( C3HC4-type RING finger) family polypeptide
it can be use for preventing skin inflammation, pigmentation and skin age.
the product can improve sub health symptom such as qi stagnancy and blood stasis, spleen and stomach deficiency, qi and blood disorder, visceral dysfunction, tiredness and asthenia caused by imbalance of yin and yang, rale in throat, thick phlegm and excess phlegm, hypochondriac pain, singultus and belch, abdominal distention and loose stool, short breath, neck and should stiffness, insomnia and anxiety, deficiency heat and spontaneous sweating, pale complexion or chlorosis, obesity ( early stage), headache, constipation, sexual hypofunction, aprosexia, memory decline, anorexia, xerosis cutis, loose skin, wrinkle, acne, chloasma, leukorrhagia, unfixed menstrual period, grey beard and hair, irritability, stomachache, stomach distress, cardiopalmus, chest distress, etc
(31) Third, the outcome signature is constituted of up-regulated miRNAs in common with the shared signatures of 6 solid tumors (e.g., miR-20, miR-25, miR-199a, and miR-191). (1)
The basic methods adopted in the present series of experiments werethe same as described in previous reports (Wang Zhengyi, et al, 1964,1966). Further observations showed that the average volumes of bloodwithdrawn by each female and male worm as estimated in the conven-tional way were 0.0431 (±0.0396) and 0.0129 * ml/day respectively. Thedynamic status of the hookworm population within the intestine seemedto indicate that on the average only about 42.02 per cent of the wormswas attached to the intestinal wa
both mechanisms damage the microbial membranes.
Clinical Research of Low-dose Erythromycin in the Prophylaxis and Treatment of Feeding Intolerance in Very Low Birth Weight Infants
Genetic Analyses of the Reasons for Riboflavin Over-production in Bacillus Subtilis 368 and Primary Construction of Engineered Strain
The loop body is provided with a breathing gas circuit and an interface through which the tank is communicated with the gas circuit, and the interface is positioned at the bottom of the loop body,
Application of the abdominal hysterectomy with small incision
The present invention relates to a traditional Chinese medicine composition for treating cutaneous amyloidosis,
Genetic Diversity and Origin of Mitochondrial DNA D-Loop Regionfor Domestic Goat Breeds in China
according to the world health organization department of reproductive health and research, it has been shown that emergency contraceptive pills containing levonorgestrel prevent ovulation and have no detectable effect on the endometrium (uterine lining) or progesterone levels when given after ovulation.
fig. 3 illustrates a method for automatically deriving computer-generated virtual endoscopic pathways leading from airways to peripheral nodules using arteries as surrogate markers for the location of peripheral airways when they cannot be identified by ct scans.
The PTC nontaster mutation provides a remarkable amount of information about early human migration.
But what makes this country a biodiversity hotspot is the catastrophic imbalance between its native wild life and an explosion of invasive pests.
Determination of Cytidine Diphosphate Choline by RP-HPLC
AN ANALYSIS ON EPIDEMIOLOGIC AND CLINICALFEATURES OF SPORADIC HEPATITIS E
Analysis of 12 cases of congenital absence of skin
immunohistochemistry (IHC) staining technique was also used in this study to show the expression status of hMLHl protein in the three different kind of tissue
The DM mice were superovulated by the intraperitoneal injection of PMSG and hCG,and oocytes were fertilized with sperms of normal male mice in vitro,and cultivated in HTF medium for 24 hours.
in vitro proliferation and biological function of isolated mas of primary hepatocytes from minitype porcine liver
Conclusion The prepared ADM has good microstructure,high mechanical properties and porosity,controlled enzymatic stability and good cell compatibility,and it meets the requirement of tissue engineering for stents.
Maternal exposure to angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitors in the first trimester and risk of malformations in offspring: a retrospective cohort study.
It is considered as hypotension induced by alprostadil injection.
The non-CHD group included 42 cases (31 males, 11 females), aged 18-83 years (the average age 55.3 years).
The influence of different concentration of sucrose on some physiological characteristics in petal of Rhododendron lapponicum "Cosmopolitan" is studied during flowering process.
9. An apparatus for production of a C4 oxidation product, comprising:
Objective Analysis the cognitive disorder effect of Aspirin in patients with cerebral infarction and recurrent ischemic stroke.
Results: The expression of HIF-1α could be observed in renal tubule interstitium and glomcrulus in the patients with MsPGN.And the strength of the expression of HIF-1α was positively correlated with the degree of mesangial proliferation.
SYNTHESIS OF α, α-DIOXO(ESTER) KETENE DITHIOACETALS
The strains were identified by 16S rDNA sequence analysis.SZL-1 was regarded as Lactobacillus casei, and SZL-2 was regarded as Lactobacillus rhamnosus
Objective To retrospectively analyse CT signs of parotid benign tumors of epithelial origin as well as to explore the value of differential diagnosis.
Comparative study of therapeutic effect between trepan-method for bone grafting and traditional incision bone grafting for the treatment of nonunion
The objective of this study was to evaluate the functional consequences of a novel single amino acid deletion mutant, ΔF27
A wheat Th. intermedium substitution line "N9025 3 3 2 1 1" was produced by back crossing Abbondanza 3D nullisomic line as female with Zhong 4 as male parent. This new line, chromosome configuration 2n=42=21″, was stripe rust resistance with stable morphological and cytological character.
Identifi cation and bioinformatics analysis of EuMK gene in Eucommia ulmoides
upon reactivation the reactivated enzymes are capable of acting upon the same or different substrates .
Cervical vertebra is mostly used as bony marker to locate the upper edge of stent in upper esophageal disease, some scholars thought the highest edge of stent can't surpass C7 or T1. The esophageal entrance changes greater with the movement of the head than that of the vertebra
The dissolved copper if ingested can cause nausea, abdominal pain and in some cases vomiting
Psychological influence of Neoadjuvant chemotherapy on patients with advanced ovarian cancer and nursing
Conclusion:HPA dysfunction is an important factor in the development of glucose metablism in patients with cardiovascular disease.Abnormal circadian rhythms of cortisol is associated with immune-mediated inflammation and may be a marker of pathological processes of atheroscoerotic lesions.
To observe the directive value of limited dilution quantitative PCR determination of serum HBV-DNA on the efficacy of interferon anti-virus in patients with chronic hepatitis B. Method HBV-DNA concenhations were quantitatively determined before and after interferon treatment in 38 patients with HBsAg(+) and HBeAg(+) by the footed dilution PCR
The reaction mixture of claim 10 further comprising an amount of said target nucleic acid
Syntheses and Structures of Heterocyclic Carbene--Containing Iron Carbonyl Clusters
Wool treated by CGH can obtain good antibacterial property and washing endurance
Symptoms and control measures of the main potato virus diseases
in that presence of wat, solvent ( i. e. alcohol), and also catalysts ( acid or base), simultaneous hydrolysis and condensation of these organosilane and / or other metal alkoxide take place to form inorganic sols mixed with inorganic / organic networks, therefore, hybrid composite
Expression and Purification of Avian Influenza Virus RNA Polymerase from Eukaryotic Cell and Preliminary Research of the Host Factors Combining with It
the crude product was vacuum distilled to isolate 36.5 g of 3- benzyloxypropyl methacrylate as a clear, colorless liquid.
c) determining the level of RGS21 activity in the host cell;
Methods: Tissue microarray(TMA) technolocy and immunohistochemical techniquewere used to detect the expression of Caspase-3 in ovarian tumor tissues.The relationship among Caspase-3,clinicopathological features and drug resistance was analysised.
Objective To study advantages and disadvantages of functional nursing and comfortable nursing in prevention of complications after substitution of hip
The organic extracts were combined, washed with water, dried (MgSO.sub.4) and evaporated to give a pale yellow solid.
Aim:To investigate the diagnosis of the central nervous system tuberculosis.
Risk factors of pulmonary fungal infection in elderly patients in intensive care units and the clinical analysis of preemptive therapy
it has reduce nasty smell and odd flavor inherent in protein and lipid.
Results Hypoglycemic brain damage was commonly associated with seizure,lethargy and decreased muscle tone.Coma and respiratory failure could be observed in some severe cases.
The effects of ultrasonic factors on the extraction of ursolic acid from Sambucus chinensis were in the following order: concentration of methanol>liquid-solid ratio>extracting temperature>extracting time.
Protective Effect of Dendrobium Mixture on Renal Function of Experimental Diabetic Rats
the protein disclose by that invention is ( a) or ( b) or ( c
A Novel Prodrug Carrier, Poly (N-acryloylmorpholine): Synthesis, Characterization and Controlled Drug Release;
Methods The 198 cases of open heart surgery from 2009 to 2010 were enrolled in this study.They underwent the central venous catheter placement by approaches of femoral vein,subclavian vein or peripheral venous.
The cytokines secreted by TH1 and TH2 cells are believed to have an opposing effect on each other, with cytokines secreted by TH1 cells acting to regulate the cytokine production of TH2 cells, and vice versa.
Rapid Fabrication of Monolithic PDMS Microchips and Highly Sensitive Chemiluminescence Detection for Amino Acids
[Methods] Through the optimization of DNA extraction method for Daqu and fermented grains, we established two real time-PCR standard curves for Daqu and fermented grains respectively.The precision and accuracy of this method were verified.
Platelet-derived Microparticles Stimulate Proliferation of Granulocyte-Macrophage Progenitor Cells from Umbilical Cord Blood
Production and Application of Fungal Cell Wall Degrading Enzyme
The Preoperative Application of Superselective External Carotid Artery Branch Embolization in Craniofacial Tumor
Results Of 115 cases who completed the treatment, 41 cases(35.7%) were significantly improved, 68 cases(59.1%) improved and 6 cases(5.2%) had no response. The side effect was mild
study on soybean protein fib and its fabric Properties
The prevalence of H, pylori infection may reach 60% or more in China.
In 9 of 28 cases of AML, the in vitro treatment with rhTpo induced proliferation of leukemia cells. Among these 28 patients, leukemic cells from 8 of 17 (47.0%) patients expressing C-mpl responded to rhTpo, but only the cells from one of 11 (9.1%) non-expressing patients did. The rhTpo induced proliferation of AML cells was enhanced when combined with IL-3, GM-CSF or SCF.
The diagnosis value of serum CA_(125) in patients with lung cancer
Specially, there are a lot of proofs which show close relation between mitochondrion and CMS in plants, thus mitochondrion becomes the focus to study CMS mechanism of plants.
CT showed 21 tophus, whereas MRI showed 18 tophus in 5 patients who received both CT and MRI scan.12 lesions of bone erosion were found on CT, MRI, respectively.4 lesions of bone edema and 5 lesions of cartilage abnormal were found on MRI.
On the contrary, the arousal effect about 8 h evoked by amphetamine after sleep deprivation was less lasting than that of 10 -12 h observed in normal conditions and followed by an amplified rebound in both deep slow wave sleep and paradoxical sleep
Map Typed Clinical Report to different Event Indicators to enable clinical structured reports to be verified.
The method of the present invention can be used to treat both premalignant and malignant cervical lesions due to papillomavirus.
Conclusion Clinicists should pay high attention to the high rate of cerebral infarction accompanied by abnomal electrocardiogram.ECG monitoring the patients with Cerebral lnfarction especially in acute stage and discovering and dealing with complicating disease timely are the effective ways to save patients’ lives.
such as a yoghurt, with such lactic acid bacteria strain and to such fermented milk product
Study on the Inhibition and Activation on Wheat PPO Activity
hormone therapy, C-reactive protein, and progression of atherosclerosis: data from that estrogen replacement on progression of coronary artery atherosclerosis ( ERA ) trial
Conclusion Scalp acupuncture improves clinical symptoms,cognitive function,and life quality of VD patients,and it has advantages in general therapeutic efficacy compared to medication.
Effect of serum from children with kashin Beck disease on proteoglycan anabolism of bovine articular cartilage in steady state culture
The rats were sacrificed,the brain tissues were sampled and sliced at 12h,2d,5d and 7d following seizures.Results:The expression of caspase-3 on hippocampal neurons was determined by immunohistochemistry.
the invasins of the pathogenic bacteria Yersinia spp. are outer membrane proteins which mediate entry of the bacteria into mammalian cells ( Isberg et al . , 1990 ) .
Study on Inhibitory Factors and Kinetics of Metabolite Inhibition in Bifidobacterium Growth
The mortality and re-hospitalization were the same for both groups(P>0.05).
In addition, the invention provides a method of ameliorating the severity of a pathologic condition, which is characterized, at least in part, by an abnormal amount, development or metabolic activity of muscle or adipose tissue in a subject, by modulating myostatin signal transduction in a muscle cell or an adipose tissue cell in the subject.
sonographic diagnosis of carotid body tumor
the surgeon s may continue that surgical procedure
In some implementations, the adsorption bar may be composed of a metal and an adsorption-reducing film covers the outer surface, in which case the adsorption material coats the adsorption-reducing film
Perinatal mortality rate was 147‰.
Results Genome of A/Guangzhou/333/99 (H9N2) virus was closely related to avian influenza A H9N2 virus,but obvious difference from that of A/Duck/Hong Kong/Y439/97(H9N2) virus,as well as,its genome did not include any RNA segment derived from human influenza A virus.
9. Use of a composition comprising an enzyme mixture obtained from Penicillium funiculosum deposited under Budapest treaty in the International Mycological Institute under the number IMI 378536 in for the saccharification of biomass.
insulin initiate its cellular effects by bin to that a subunit of its tetrameric plasma membrane receptor
A Meta-analysis on prognosis of patients with mild heart failure after cardiac resynchronization therapy
Clinical Control Study of Microendoscopy Discectomy and Conventional Discectomy in Treatment of Lumber Disc Heniation
Methods:Treat 50 cases of acute or chronic vestibulitis of nose by wet packing with gentamicine and daxamethasone assisted by microwave therapy,and calculate the effective rate.
The gold standard for diagnosing the cause of obstruction was retrograde or antegrade ureterography with or without ureteroscopy or open surgery.
The expression of 3 OSR genes, including OSR2, OSR3 and OSR4, was enhanced, while that of another gene OSR9 was inhibited by osmotic stress and high salinity treatments.
it suggest that some clinical manifestations of patient with Graves disease were related to that abnormal phenomena of elements in the patient with Graves.
The 5' portion was subcloned into pUC18 in either of two ways, depending upon whether the complete ORF was to be expressed or the putative hydrophobic signal sequence (amino acids 2-15) was to be eliminated
structure Rdlation among generation, that simplest Compo-sitC model and mas formulas on heavy flavor hadrons
in ord to obtain good sensation, suturing of nerve should be perform.
Synthesis of 3,3,3-Trifluoropropene-1 by Vapour-phase Catalytic Fluorination
Polycystic ovary syndrome was known in the process research of fertile period infertility.With the deepening of the research,endocrine and metabolic disorders were also gradually known during the fertile period.
information empowers and saves lives, most notably with regard to maternal and child health;
Activity identity and application of recombinant Mycobacterium tuberculosis CFP10-ESAT-6 or EAST-6-CFP10 fusion protein
b) a CDR grafted, humanized or T cell epitope depleted antibody variant of the antibodies of a).
Results:52 tinnitus patients with typical syndrome of TCM were detected in the prospective trial. There are 10 wind-heat invading, 6 liver-fire, 7 depression of phlegm-fire, 13 weakness of spleen and 16 kidney deficiency. The results of objective rescrub of audiology index are as follows: Wind-heat invading was most accurate in verification, had a sensitivity of 80% and specificity of 85. 7%, accuracy of 84.6%.
such as tumor, hematomas or, in that case of vascular analysis, atherosclerotic plaque
bioides can be added to the present compositions in an amount that is effective in minimizing or controlling bacterial growth and, in some embodiments the biocides can further minimize or control fungal growth.
22 . the method according to any of the claims 20 to 21 , wherein the method further comprises recording a diagnosis of a cancer selected from the group consisting of breast cancer , colon cancer , kidney cancer , lung cancer , ovarian cancer , pancreatic cancer , and small intestine cancer .
In the first part of this study, molecular epidemiological analysis further strengthened and extented the role of AFB_1 in the induction of hotspot mutation of the p53 gene.
use thymidine as the paralyser of DNA synthesis to decrease the moving speed of replicating fork,
Preventive effect of levonorgestrel ethinyl estradiol on intrauterine adhesions after several times of induced abortion
Systems and methods for stimulation of neurological tissue generate stimulation trains with temporal patterns of stimulation,
and polymerizing the monomers by adding a hydrophilic polymerization initiator to the emulsified solution.
Additionally,the preparation and experimental techniques of IR spectra are relatively simple,thus it can apply to a variety of samples.
Studies on the Genetic Transformation of BADH and SAMDC Genes and Their Salt Tolerance in Rice
examples of such disorders include, but are not limited to, osteoporosis, rheumatoid or osteo-arthritis, hepatic osteodystrophy, osteomalacia, rickets, osteitis fibrosa cystica, renal osteodystrophy, osteosclerosis, osteopenia, fibrogenesis-imperfecta ossium, secondary hyperparathyrodism, hypoparathyroidism, hyperparathyroidism, chronic renal disease, sarcoidosis, glucocorticoid-induced osteoporosis, idiopathic hypercalcemia, paget s disease, and osteogenesis imperfecta.
Objective: To investigate the feasibility and safety of percutaneous endoscopic gastrostomy(PEG) and percutaneous endoscopic jejunostomy(PEJ).
.alpha.-Amylases (EC 3.2.1.1) are first used to degrade a starch suspension containing 30-40% w/w dry solids (ds) to maltodextrans.
Correlation between polarimetric retinalnerve fiber layer thickness and retinal sensitivity determined with frequency-doubling technology
Here is to make a review focusing on protein microarrays technology and its application in the analysis of genome-wide post-translational modification.
Infant Mortality
Starbach D,Falkow S,Tompkins LS,et al.Species-species detection of Legionella pneumophila in water by DNA amplification and hybridization[J].J Clin Microbil,1989,27:1257.
Research on High-frequency Echo Characteristics of Several Typical Objective Configurations
Prevalence of respiratory symptoms and diseases associated with gastroesophageal reflux disease
A day on which the X-ray irradiation was carried out was defined as Day 0, and the number of viable cells was measured on Day 7 for the MIA PaCa-2 cells and on Day 12 for the HCTp53+/+ cells.
Results:Of 83 lateral renal calculi (78 patients),the time for unilateral complete stone clearance was 43-156 min (mean, 89min).
Heat shock transcription factor 4(HSF4) is a key regulator of postnatal lens development by involving the regulation of lens epithelial cell proliferation and fibroblast differentiation.
As most common imagic signs, lateral recess stenosis and lumbar facet arthropathy and intervertebral discs lesions were presented and their detective rate was 78.6%, 72.6% and 53.6% respectively
Method for preparing 4,6-diacetylresorcinol by acetylating resorcinol
These findings suggest that unlike in vision and audition, in olfaction there is a systematic predictable link between stimulus structure and stimulus pleasantness
Objective: To establish the double HPLC fingerprints of water-soluble composition and amino acids precolumn derivative reagent of 13 batches of Isatidis Radix micropower.
The level of serum TGF-β1 also showed the similar tendency,the concentration of serum TGF-β1 was lower at 24 h after ischemia/reperfusion than sham group,and recovered to sham’s level at 48 h,and was significantly higher at 5 d than sham group(P<0.05).
Three metabolites of deltamethrin (DC), namely dibromovinyldimethylcyclopropane carboxylic acid (Br2A), 3-phenoxy-benzoic alcohol (BOH)and 3-phenoxy-benzoic acid(BA), in the urine samples collected from a DC suicide person and 12 DC spraymen were investigated by HPLC method.
Although agitation of the inoculated culture medium is to be avoided in order to avoid disturbing the mycelial mat, aeration of the medium may be desired.
study of that relationship of insulin resistance and vascular endothelial function in acute coronary syndrome patient
cases(31.03%) were related with irrational drug use, mainly irrational drug regimen and irrational drug combination
include such steps as make a millipore membrane in contact with that catalyst dispersed liquid, making it in contact with the resin dispersed liquid to obtain catalytic lay, and attaching said two catalytic layers onto both surfaces of a proton exchanging membrane by pressing.
The study and research of the proliferation and differentiation of ES cells in vitro are all in normoxia condition (20% O2), and it cannot reflect the real condition in vivo
Mice immunized with expression products,serum IgA and IgG antibody levels were significantly increased,IL-2,IL-4 and IFN-γ cytokines were tested in vitro spleen cells.
in human, each B cell can produce an enormous number of antibody molecule ( ie, about )
Objective To investigate the protective effect of ACTH(1-24) on ECV304 damaged by LPS
The large volumes would result in the distention of the stomach and increase the likelihood of complications in critically ill patients such as the aspiration of gastric contents.
The tobacco pilled seed bud is the tobacco coating pilled seeds which was revealed and budded by seed strengthen budding technique
Study on the Angle of Contact and the Wetting of Salicylic Acid in the Measuring Solution Methanol-Water System
Immunotherapy of rat osteosarcoma using tumor vaccine from fusion of dendritic cells with the osteosarcoma cells
The effective rate of ankle function score was 93. 75%.
R represents a cycloalkyl group, an alkyl group, an aryl group, cyano group, mercapto group, carboxyl group, or carbamoyl group; ring A represents a homocyclic or heterocyclic ring; R represents an amino group or a saturated nitrogen-containing heterocyclic group; and k represents an integer of from 0 to 3;
in one embodiment, that degree of stain is sufficient to permit the X and Y chromosome bearing sperm to be differentially sor based upon their respective fluorescence into X and Y populations of at least about 60% purity.
Comparative study of two methods of 99m Tc-lablled anti-CEA monoclonal Antibodies with nude mice radioinmunoimaging.
Objective: Observe the ginseng decocting in mice to fill the stomach medicine acute toxicity reaction,assessing the safety,for clinical research to provide the reference.
Construction of Eukaryotic Expression Vector for OmpA Gene From Chlamydia Trachomatis and its Expression in HeLa Cells
If pH sensitive monomers with amine groups were incorporated into the hydrogel network, the hydrogel is incubated in high pH solution.
So what does plasticity have to do with managing stress?
Keywords bacteria;distillers' grains;COD;ultraviolet mutagism;microbial protein;
AFM detections indicate that the mycelium shrinks a little after the adsorption,which illustrates that the adsorption mainly occurs on the surface and can affect the stress adsorption in cells to a certain extent.
Roles of SOCS-3 and SREBP-1c in Insulin Resistance and Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease
the timing and control circuit 208 induces a pulse generator 210 to produce therapeutic electrical stimulation, e. g.
Recombinant protein was expressed in abundance in the E. coil BL21(DE3) after being induced by 0. 1 mmol/L IPTG for 2 hours at 37 ℃.
16523 The capsule is prepared by encapsulating dried and pulverized Radix Angelicae Sinensis, Olibanum, Flos Carthami, Sanguis Draxonis, Herba Ephedrae, Radix Dipsaci, Fructus Chaenomelis, Semen Cucumidis sativi, Catechu, Radix Angelicae Dahuricae, Radix Saposhnikoviae, Myrrha, Radix Stephaniae Tetrandrae, Rhizoma Et Radix Notopterygii, Radix Achyranthis Bidentatae, Rhizoma Drynariae, Radix Aconiti, Radix Aconiti Kusnezoffii, Concretio silicea Bambusae seu schizostachyi, Eupolyphaga Seu Steleophaga, Radix Et Rhizoma Rhei, Pyritum, Fructus Forsythiae, and Borneolum Syntheticum;
Study of Mechanism of Anti-inflammatory in Macrophages by Plant Polyphenol
the 16S RNAr gene of that ISLP1 strain was then amplify using the primer designed by Aguino de Muro and priest ( Aguino de Muro and priest, 1993
The invention discloses a method for synthesizing an important anti-psoriasis medicament anthralini-fused ring derivatives,
Other proteins have been reported to be associated with IL-4R αon some cell types, and to be components of multi-subunit IL-4 receptor complexes.
(ii) 1.5 ml of a 1% latex (manufactured by Sekisui Chemical Co., Ltd., average particle diameter: 200 nm) suspension was added to 1.5 ml of a 20 mmol/l Tris buffer (pH: 8.5) containing 0.8 mg/ml of the monoclonal antibody 77209, and the mixture was stirred at 4.d egree. C. for two hours.
Results The detection rate of patients with elevated serum PG I level(PGI>180 μg/L,PGI>240 μg/L,PGI>300 μg/L) could be found in all groups with the lowerest in gastric carcinoma group and the highest in peptic ulcer group. Among all the peptic ulcer patients,those with serum PGI>240 μg/L accounted for 44.12%.
Study on the Synthesis and Property of Molecular Probe Based on the Fluorescein Derivatives
The effect of the nucleating agent on crystallization behaviors,mechanical properties and heat resistance of PLA were investigated by means of DSC,XRD,PLM,mechanical and HDT tests.
65. we detected the blood cell count,mononuclear cells a bsolute value,red blood count,hemoglobin,blood platelets count and so on by GENS.
Effectiveness of compressed air protein foam for suppression of liquid fire
Experimental Study on Canine Normal Myocardial Perfusion with Intravenous Real-time Myocardial Contrast Enhancement Imaging
Microbial Degradation of Dibenzofuran
The technical success was achieved in all the 23 patients
Clinicopathological features of low-grade malignant cystic mesothelioma of the peritoneum
Since the adsorbed cells are disrupted or lysed without desorption of the adsorbed cells, this method can be more conveniently performed compared with a method of desorbing adsorbed cells.
ObjectiveTo explore the diagnosis and treatment of acute mesenteric ischemia.
Basing on lots of investigations about the traditional vinegar production with medical leaven, the author analyses its advantages and lacks in this paper.It is suggested that we should retain the strong points of the medical fermention but the prescription of the producing vinegar should be made up more scientifically and pure strains shoud be used to produce medical leaven, even let the medication to take part in fermentation directly.These suggestions are adaptable to the actual conditions
Methods The allergic dermatitis patients were rardanly selected as observation group and normal person or non-suffering allergic dermatitis as control group.
The Study of A Measurement Method for Drug Susceptibility Test of Mycobacterium Tuberculosis
Objective To investigate the preventing of HIV infection from HIV positive husbands to healthy wives,in the way of having natural sex and for the purpose of pregnancy.
02mol/L HCl) were chosen as the separation reagents.GBW07310 was treated with four-grade-five-step procedure with the intention to indicate the high accuracy of the procedure
Conclusion:The patients take positive predictive nursing care after hip replacement,can reduce complications such as urinary tract infection,hypostatic pneumonia,wound infection,implant extrusion,deep vein thrombosis and shorten the length of hospitalization,so it is worth application and promotion clinically.
Stent fracture may occur with chronic material stress and is associated with the development of recurrent stenosis at the site of stent fracture
The yeast capsules are then dried and stored under a nitrogen atmosphere until formulation.
Chinese herbal medicine for treating acute pelvic inflammation and preparation method thereof
Type Ⅱ cells showed direction sensitivity when using either Fourier fundamental components or mean firing rate as a response index. It was suggested that the difference in the characteristics of the two types of direction sensitive ganglion cells may be underlain by different neuronal mechanisms
Act 240 may include inputting variables, injecting contrast agent, rinsing the injection catheter, and acquiring a 3D data set of the left atrium and pulmonary veins.
Effect of Gypenosides on TGF-β1/Smad Signal Pathway in Rats with Liver Fibrosis Induced by Carbon Tetrachloride
Anticardiolipin antibody(ACA), anticyclophilin autibody (CyPAb), auticalmodulin autibody (CaM-Ab), antithyroglobulin autibody (TG-Ab) and antibrain antibody(ABAb) were tested by indirect ELISA
Delay in gastric emptying might be forecasted and gastric motor function might be partly reflected by the abnormal gastric myoelectric activities
In the esophageal adenocarcinoma group,the expression of Ghrelin in moderately and well differentiated specimens were higher than that in poorly differentiated specimens(Z = 4. 60,P < 0. 05).
Study on the Interfacial Adhesive Properties of Particulate-Filled Polymer Composites
Thechromosome configurations of the PMC's at MI were 21Ⅱ,21Ⅱ+1Ⅰ and 22Ⅱ for plantsraised from non-blue,light blue and deep blue seed,respectively.
Results:1 The expression of Ang-2 mRNA was found both in gastric cancer tissues and their paired adjacent gastric mucosas.
87. The method of claim 85 wherein the ophthalmic disease or disorder is selected from retinal detachment, hemorrhagic retinopathy, retinitis pigmentosa, cone-rod dystrophy, Sorsby's fundus dystrophy, optic neuropathy, inflammatory retinal disease, diabetic retinopathy, diabetic maculopathy, retinal blood vessel occlusion, retinopathy of prematurity, or ischemia reperfusion related retinal injury, proliferative vitreoretinopathy, retinal dystrophy, hereditary optic neuropathy, Sorsby's fundus dystrophy, uveitis, a retinal injury, a retinal disorder associated with Alzheimer's disease, a retinal disorder associated with multiple sclerosis, a retinal disorder associated with Parkinson's disease, a retinal disorder associated with viral infection, a retinal disorder related to light overexposure, myopia, and a retinal disorder associated with AIDS.
These women should be examined twice weekly and must be hospitalized if their condition worsens
USING THE MULTIVARIATE REGRESSION-ANALYSISMETHOD TO ESTABLISH THE MATHEMATICALMODEL TO DETERMINE THE QUOTAS OFSETTLEMENT SELECTION
Clinical Observation of Treating Osteoporosis of Old People with Bu Gu Capsule
Methods:A prospective cohort study was carried out in three hospitals in Chengdu, China, between July 1998 and January 1999. A total of 427 subjects were selected. The edinburgh postnatal depression scale (EPDS) was used to estimate the screening prevalence of postnatal depression at 4~6 weeks postpartum, and logistic regression modeling was used to identify the psychosocial risk factors associated with postnatal depression.
The compounds of the formula I have been described in WO 00/02851 and U.S. Pat. No. 6,335,334, for example, as activators of soluble guanylate cyclase which can be used in particular in the treatment of cardiovascular diseases such as atherosclerosis, hypertension, angina pectoris or cardiac insufficiency
Other nutrition sources are appropriately selected from yeast extract, yeast cells, ribonucleic acids, inorganic salts (e.g., calcium salts, magnesium salts, potassium salts, phosphates, etc.), amino acids and vitamins, and are used alone or as mixtures thereof.
i.e. the particle that is atomized is not attached to the charged surface of the particle catch arrangement.
Keywords fur;free-form aldehyde;scavenger;amido polymer;
said polymer film in which the hydroxide radical in the epoxy resin precursor polymer and isocyanate can produce cross-linking reaction to obtain the isocyanate cross-linked epoxy resin polymer covering material with good film-forming property, higher heat-resisting temp., moderate solidification condition and good light transmission property.
Component flavin dependent monooxygenase gene in prokaryote and application thereof
One of these patients also had findings of LEP in the subcutaneous lobules with clusters of CD20 B cells partially arranged within germinal centers.
The effects of propofol on long-term depression in hippocampal CA1 neurons of rats
A analysis of failed surgical discectomy foy 126 cases herniation of lumbar intervertebral disc
Methods The experience of 150 patients was received tension- free- repair for inguinal hernia
The copolymer resins were synthesized by grafting acrylic polymer onto epoxy resin.The self-crosslinked acrylate grafted epoxy resins forcathodal electrophoretic coating were synthesized by appropriate monomers
method for detecting a virulent strain of influenza A virus is provided, which comprises providing a first antibody that is reactive with all influenza A virus subtypes and a second antibody that is not reactive with a virulent strain of influenza A virus but is reactive with all influenza A virus subtypes other than the virulent strain, and conducting an immunoassay to detect an antigen that shows a positive response in a reaction with the first antibody and shows a negative response in a reaction with the second antibody
Production of transgenic embryos through nuclear transfer using ovine fetal fibroblasts transferred with foreign genes
The quality of life,side effects,recurrence rate and patient satisfaction rate were observed.Results The effective rate of the treatment group and control group were 95. 8% and 84. 2%(P<0.05).
Clonorchiasis control program and surveillance activities have been conducted in Dianjiang County during the period of 1980 to 1995, The human infection rates in study area in 1980, 1984, 1986, 1990 and 1995 were 14.1, 6. 1, 0. 9, 0.3 and 1.0 respectively. The infection rate dropped by 92. 9 showing remarkable control effect has been achieved
Effects of Dietary Chitosan Oligosaccharide on Animals
stimulate protein receptor
step b) is the acetylation reaction of compound (III), using two procedures
In certain embodiments, the romidepsin is subsequently purified by column chromatography using Diaion HP20SS resin, followed by column chromatography using Diaion HP20 resin, and finally by column chromatography on alumina.
Preparation and structural properties of GaN films grown by electrophoretic deposition technique;
A series of KLnP_4O_(12) crystals(Ln=La, Ce, Pr, Nd, Sm, Eu,Gd,Tb,Dy,Ho,Er,Tm and Y)were grown by evaporation method from the phosphoric acid solution. The growth conditions were studied and some fairly good crystals were obtained.
Endoscopic sinus approach associated with transcutaneous or transconjunctival excisions represent advantages in repairing fractures of naso-orbital-ethmoidal complex.
Objective To study the influence of simvastatin on the expression of vascular endothelial growth factor(VEGF) in periodontal tissue of rats during the retentive stage after tooth movement and to explore the effect and mechanism of simvastatin on the remodeling of periodontal tissue during the retention stage.
study on that change of needle nutrient element of Masson pine unde atmospheric pollution
Detection of breast cancer micrometastases of sentinel lymph node by using RT-PCR
it is installed with many body surface and body cavity radiators used for treatment of various diseases.
study on crystal morphology and phase diagram of Monomehypo
The paper explores the values of three-dimensional DSA in vascular disease teaching by relating the characteristics of vascular diseases.
Oral Microflora of 42 Patients with Oral Squamous Cell Carcinoma
Reference to the"release"of drug as used herein means (1) transport of drug from the interior of the dosage form to its exterior such that it contacts fluid within a mammal (e. g., a mammal's GI tract) following delivery or (2) transport of drug from the interior of the dosage form such that it contacts a test medium for evaluation of the dosage form by an in vitro test as described below.
The changes of clinical and laboratory indexes of patients,and the situation of complications of the mother and fetus were observed.
an anti-idiotype molecule 4 ( in this case an anti-idiotype antibody ) that is labeled with a detection moiety 5 will bind to the immobilized antibody instead.
phenotypic data ( meat quality , body composition and growth traits ) were collected on three commercial populations or lines .
Part I: Reproductive Endocrinology
which comprises the following steps: blending carboxymethyl chitosan solution with density at 1-4% and dialdehyde starch solution with density at 1-6% according to the weight rate at 1:0.5-5.0;
5. Correlation of sow weight and backfat thickness was not significant (P>0.05), but correlation of gestation BW gain and backfat thickness was significantly positive.
Results After treated by VPA,the inhibition rate increased(P < 0. 05),as confirmed by detection of increasing LC3-Ⅱ and Beclin-1 expressions in VPA-treated samples(P < 0. 05).
the triggering unit is formed by a conventional ballistic-type lancer of the type commonly used to cause a needle to puncture a patient 's skin to provide a blood sample.
Objective To evaluate the efficacy and safety of amisulpride in the treatment of depression.
ConclusionMaxillary premolar extraction in Class Ⅲ presurgical orthodontic treatment might be benefitial for intermaxillary arch width coordination and decompensate posterior teeth.
If necessary, the toner may include a charge controlling agent dissolved or dispersed in the organic solvent.
(a) Selecting one or more phosphates from the group consisting of STP, KTP, SHMP, TSP, DSP, DKP, tetrasodium pyrophosphate, tetrapotassium pyrophosphate, trisodium pyrophosphate, their hydrates and mixtures thereof;
The films were characterized by means of FT-IR spectrum,contact angle measurement,cyclic voltammogram,polarization curve and scanning electron microscopy(SEM).
The subject's hemoglobin level was also abnormally low (8.2 g/dL) at the Follow-up visit.
Recombinant expression vectors encoding the L1 and L2 proteins of papillomavirus, methods of making and using the recombinant proteins and purified virus-like particles comprised of the recombinant proteins are provided.
in conjunction with that Latin American demographic centre, UNICEF produce a series of publication containing a database on child mortality since 1960.
Nitrogen-doped graphene(NG) was synthesized by denotation process at low temperature,and characterized by high-resolution transmission electron microscopy(HRTEM),X-ray photoelectron spectrometry(XPS),Raman spectrometry and X-ray diffraction(XRD).
Establishment of Animal Model on Trauma Restoration
A study on the association of polymorphism of IL-10 with febrile convulsion
Therapy of Diabetes Mellitus Combined with Osteoporosis
Under the conditions described by Boutur et al. only the esterification was catalysed.
The results indicate that the resistance of Hangu to ZA_1, ZB_(13), ZC_(13), ZE_1 strains and Tengxuan to ZC_(13), ZE_1 strains are controlled by a pair of dominant genes, and the resistance of Tengxuan to ZF_1 strain is controlled by two pairs of dominant genes.
The chewing gum or the bubble gum also has the compressive effect on strong detoxification and toxin discharge; and because the human saliva and the bamboo salt do not undergo acid reaction, abnormal secondary oral odor and secondary mixed odorant-smelly peculiar oral smell are not produced, dental plaque and dental caries are also not formed, and the chewing gum or the bubble gum is very favorable for human physical and mental health and does not pollute the environment.
it also provide composition and kits of part comprising such nucleic acid molecules, vectors, infectious viral particle or host cells and that therapeutic use thereof for preventing or treating HBV infections.
Objective To investigate the antitumor immunological effects of ovarian carcinoma vaccine modified by human B7 1 and IFN γ gene
Measurement and evaluation of X ray dose equivalent rates in mazesof medical electron accelerator facilities
They were put into different temperature-controlled boxes,all rats were killed after 7 days’ experiment.
The results showed that①the number Ⅳ extender was the best among the extenders tested and its sperm motility(0.427±0.025), viability(0.610±0.036) and plasma membrane integrity(0.503±0.015) after-thawing were all significantly higher than those obtained with number Ⅰ、Ⅱ and Ⅲ extenders(P<0.05
Among 82 cases of gallstone SAP,8 cases of oledocholithiasis were cured by operative treatment;68 cases improved in 74 cases undergoing EST;5 cases underwent operations and were cured after EST failed;1 death due to stress ulcer hemorrhage after EST.
Enantiometric separation of equol with chiral stationary phase in HPLC
in-situ hybridization detection kit for BRADEION gene, and detection method and application thereof
Preparation process of silane derivatives of formula RmRnSiX4-m-n (I) comprises reaction of Grignard reagents of formula RMgX (II) with silane derivatives of formula RmSiX4-m (III) in the presence of a transition metal catalyst and an inert, aprotic chelating agent. R = a 1-10C hydrocarbon optionally substituted by F, Cl or CN; R = a 4-30C hydrocarbon, with a tertiary C atom alpha - to the Si atom, and which is optionally substituted by F, Cl or CN; X, X = Cl, Br or I; m = 2 or 3; n = 1 or 2.
Diagnostic Value of Combined Detection of CA153, CY211 and CEA in Breast Cancer
It is quite difficult to register two pathological retinal images owing to the vague vascular network existence.Moreover,general registration methods based on detecting the crossovers,bifurcations of the vascular network have certain drawbacks.
Methods: Ultrasonic film was used to prepare the liposome,optimize the prescription and technology by orthogonal experiment,using HPLC,GC to establish its quality standerds.
Up-regulation of miR-195-5p inhibits cell proliferation and promotes apoptosis,and the aberrant decreased expression of miR-195-5p may contribute to bladder carcinogenesis.
Real-time PCR and PCR-DGGE methods were applied respectively to analyze the variety in population concentration and bio-diversity of the bacterial community.
Synthesis of Silicone-Modified Acrylic Emulsion and its Coating Performance
A New Technology of Recovering Androst-4-Ene-3,17- Dione(4-AD) from the Synthesis Process of 17α-Hydroxyprogesterone
METHODS The hemolysis ratio variation of rabbit red blood cells were tested by tube in vitro under the compatibility of different concentration of puerarin and propylene glycol.
W represents C1-10 alkylene in which one or two hydrogen atoms may be replaced with phenyl or C1-5 alkyl,
Observation of stability of monoclonal antibody against poliovirus type 3
the selective bin process was analyse and that quantitative result was obtained utilizing the theory of electrochemistry, according to experimental result
AIM: To observe the level changes of tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-α), platelet activating factor (PAF), interleukin-10 (IL-10), interleukin-12 (IL-12) and soluble TNF receptors (sTNFR) in rats with severe acute pancreatitis (SAP) and the influences of Ginkgolide B (BN52021) on the changes
historically several approach have been taken to overcome this diminished yield result from abscission.
Results: The injection volume of chromium in the range of 0 ~ 0. 8 ng,Abs = 0. 0048 × concentration-0. 00485,the correlation oefficient r = 0. 9996,recovery was 86%,RSD(2. 4%).
Effect of harmful factors on lipid peroxidation and activities of antioxidative enzymes in tank occupational population
relates to one kind of gram Liewei to be mellow mellowly and provides one kind to originate from the mangrove forest endogenous fungus secondary metabolite gram Liewei mellow preparation method and in the preparation oxidation inhibitor application.
Method The clinical datum of the selected 52 patients with coronary and 65 non-coronary heart disease were comparison analyzed,and compared the difference of the two pulse pressure(P<0.
Objective To observe the effect of irbesartan intervention on the levels of inflammatory cytokines including interleukin-6(IL-6),interleukin-8(IL-8),interleukin-10(IL-10) and C-reactive protein(CRP) in rats with diabetic nephropathy(DN),and to investigate the possible drug action mechanism.
Urinary kallikrein 0. 15 PNA was used once a day to the patients in the treatment group for 14 days in addition to the basic therapy.
Association of the expression of NF-M in thymoma with myasthenia gravis
poly ( arylene ether ) ethers having a wide variety of molecular weights and intrinsic viscosities may be used as the uncrosslinked poly ( arylene ether ).
A Clinical Laboratorial Study in Treatment of Cervical Spondylosis by Trestle of Balanced Cervical Spine of General Ⅰ-1 Type
seven-coordinate dimmer has been synthesized with 5-oxo-4-oxa-tricyclo[4.2.1.0]nonane-9-carboxylic acid and 1,10-phenanthroline. The crystal structure was determined by single-crystal X-ray structural analysis. The crystal belongs to a monoclinic system, space group P21/n, with a=1.552 08(12) nm, b=1.065 52(8) nm, c=1.626 57 (12) nm, β=100.100 (10) °, V=2.648 3 (3) nm3, Dc=1.643 g·cm-3, Z=2, F (000)=1 328, Final GooF=1.026, R1= 0.026 2, wR2=0.059 2. The crystal structure shows that the cadmium ion is coord
Trituration and solution methods are both available for supramolecule preparation, but later method is better.
Factors Affecting the Frequencies of Callus Induction and Plantlet Regeneration in Mature Embryo Culture of Rice
Objective To observe the effects of atorvastatin on the experimental autoimmune encephalomyelitis(EAE)and study its mechanism.
Preferably , a FAS protein of the present invention comprises at least one , two , three , four , five , six , seven , eight , or all nine biological activities of a FAS protein of the invention selected from : ( a ) acetyl - transferase ( AT ) activity ; ( b ) enoyl ACP reductase ( ER ) activity ; ( c ) dehydratase ( DH ) activity ; ( d ) malonyl / palmitoyl acyltransferase ( M / PAT ) activity ; ( e ) acyl carrier protein ( ACP ) activity ; ( f ) keto - acyl ACP reductase ( KR ) activity ; ( g ) keto - acyl ACP synthase ( KS ) activity ; and ( h ) phosphopantetheinyl transferase ( PPT ) activity .
the films were then made into microprismatic retroreflective sheeting by casting an ultra violet-curable urethane acrylate oligomer on a cube corner tool, similar to the method described in rowland, u. s. patent 5,786, 066.
Method The activity of tyrosine protein kinase(TPK) was determined by using exogenic substrates in 16 samples of normal skin, 22 psoriatic lesion and 5 skin squamous carcinoma
The invention further relates to compounds of the invention, compositions thereof, and methods for treating or preventing cancer, a neoplastic disorder, acute or chronic renal failure, an inflammatory disorder, an immune disorder, a cardiovascular disease, an effect of aging or an infectious disease comprising administering an effective amount of a compound of the invention.
headache and abnormal renal function occur more often in that control group
Objective To study the characteristic of the traumatic optic never injury and forensic investigation. Methods 40 cases with traumatic optic never injury were reviewed. All cases were tested by routin opthalmological examination and VEP. Some cases were tested by visual fields. Results The rate of the traumatic optic never injury were 13.84% in ocular trauma, 65% had crainocerebral injury and 67.50% occurred in road traffic accidents. In 40 cases, 67.50% had vision disorder. 90.00% reaction of pu...
Thecontrol group, did in the way of the traditional "Doula" delivery, graded all parturient in laboraccording to labor pain degree and investigated anxiety SAS of random 100 cases between two groups.
diethylether ( 40 ml ) is added dropwise to afford an orange solution, which is added to a solution of sici2me2 ( 12.0 ml, 98.9 mmol ) in diethylether ( 100 ml ) at room temperature.
Objective:To study effects of different concentrations of hydrogen sulfide(H2S) on number and function of endothelial progenitor cells(EPCs) cultured in vitro.
in still another aspect, that phrase antibacterially effective amount can be use to mean an amount of the administered composition that can reduce or prevent the formation or efficacy of the virulence of the helicobacter
Tanycytes(TAs) are the specialized ependymal glia located mostly in the ventral lateral wall of the ventricle Ⅲ and median eminence of the central nervous system(CNS),play an important role in the brain barrier system,brain-cerebrospinofluid neurohumoral circuit and neuroimmunoendocrine network.
The results indicated that heterosis for lodging resistance of the culm in five traits, such as culm length (CL), culm thickness (CT), breaking strength of the based culm with leaf sheaths (BSBCLS), culm type index (CTI) and resistant index to lodging (RIL) were affected by genotype and environmental factors (i.e year).
Lung cancer as referred to herein may be primary lung cancer.
Identification of N-ras p21 expression in transformed cell transfected with DNA of primary hepatic cancer and 7402 hepatoma cell line
Another object of the present invention is to provide a method for preparing pharmaceutical grade plasmid DNA that is highly pure for use in research and plasmid-based therapy, and is amenable to scale-up to large-scale manufacture.
The patients were randomized to receive either the study formulation or saline solution.
Mutate gene of high GC content with gene splicing by overlap extension and fragmentation cloning method
These degraded products 104 of the degradable and surface cross-linked particles 102 can permeate through the hydrogel matrix, as represented by the outward pointing arrows
the present invention disclose preparation process of coarse extractive of SARS virus resis active matter from pore fungus. that preparation process
GENETIC FACTOR OF ATHEROTHROMBOTIC BRAIN INFARCTION: APOLIPOPROTEIN A I GENE DNA POLYMORPHISMS
These are often difficult issues, such as cardiovascular diseases such as diabetes and cerebrovascular disease
exponentially growing cells were seeded at 1,000 cells per well in six- well plates and allowed to attach for 24h .
Resveratrol production in suspension cell cultures of Vitis vinifera
nano shuxin syrup and preparation
Study on the Micro-infrared Spectra of Type Ⅰa Diamond
Effects of postweaning dietary compositions on hepatic CPT-Ⅰ mRNA expression in rats
Methods : Normal rats after anesthetized,inserted the intubate which connecting the pressure transducer into left ventricular from the right common carotid artery,then detected the cardiac function by the PowerLab biological signal acquisition system.
A tumor inhibition experiment conducted in the body also indicates that the FAK and PLK1 dual-gene RNA interference plasmid-lipidosome-heparin complex can notably inhibit the growth of manifold tumors and prolong the lifetime of tumor-bearing mice.
sudden death syndrome is it a metabolic disease
[Objective]To assess the effect and safety of al - acceptor blocker in treatment for female bladder outlet obstruction.
Analgesic sites of total alkaloids in Papaver nudicaule
surgical line runs from the right side of my groin into my upper thigh, where they cut out my testicle
Apoptosis in filamentous fungi
How I developed the world's first evidence-based endoscopic management of carpal tunnel syndrome.
Clonal analysis of blood cells using X linked HUMARA gene polymorphism
Multi-slice Spiral CT Findings of Mucoepidermoid Carcinoma of Trachea and Bronchus
Clinical efficacy and safety of shexiang xintongning tablets in treatment of patients with coronary heart disease and angina pectoris
Thus, the clinical manifestations of patients with GLA mutation were not distinct from the typical HCM. Conclusions: The prevalence of fabry disease in Chinese patients with HCM was 0. 45%.
Primer extension was performed using unlabeled primers, but incorporating biotin-16-dUTP during the AMV reverse transcriptase-mediated cDNA synthesis reaction
The present study was designed to examine the effect of TSA,especially the concentration of TSA and the treat period,on the development of pig SCNT embryos.
Experimental Study on Real-time Gray-scale Contrast-enhanced Ultrasonography in VX_2 Liver Tumors
kenyas constitution states that every citizen has a right to life and the right to the highest attainable standard of health including reproductive health.
Purification of linoleic acid from grape seed oil by urea adduction fractionation was investigated
it has antiinfective, analgesic and hemopoietic effect and is effective for soothing live, regulating qi, invigorating stomach, promoting digestion, promote blood circulation, removing blood stasis, nourishing blood, promoting gallbladder function, inhibiting hepatitis B virus, and reducing transaminase.
Jensen E S.Grain yield, symbiotic N2 fixation and interspecific competition for noganic N in pea-barley intercrops[J].Plant and Soil, 1996,182:25-38.
Conclusion The two kinds of purified vero cell rabies vaccine (PVRV) for human use prove safe and effective in inducing specific immune protection without abnormal reactions and with a low rate of side effects.
in some case, that x-ray tomography images may be extremely noisy
the method comprises the steps of: diluting a blood sample with a blood diluent to form a diluted sample; mixing the diluted sample with the lytic reagent composition to form a sample mixture and to lyse red blood cells and form a stable hemoglobin chromogen in the sample mixture; measuring absorbance of the hemoglobin chromogen of the sample mixture at a predetermined wavelength; determining total hemoglobin concentration of the blood sample from the obtained absorbance; and reporting the total hemoglobin concentration of the blood sample.
Study of treating depression withpinching spine therapy : influence to the ethology of rats.
This invention also provides therapeutic and prophylactic methods using the instant pharmaceutical compositions.
The composite material is used in the construction of orthopedic devices such as bone plates, bone rods, spinal rods, and laminate sheets that change physical properties in vivo.
Conclusion CEUS can improve the accuray in diagnosing hypoechoic pocal hepatic lesions with fatty liver,and it is effective in the differential diagnsis in dinic
Objective to evaluate the efficacy and the safety of radiofrequency ablation ( rfa) in the treatment of unresectable pancreatic head cancer
4. hemorrhage in longitudinal fissure accompanied by cerebral contusions;
Methods To determined fluoride levels of drinking water,and dental fluorosis and fluoride content in urine of the children aged 8 to 12 of the monitoring village.
The invention discloses a composition capable of reducing blood glucose and belongs to the technical field of traditional Chinese medicines.
In the experiment we selected microelectrolysis-Fenton-biochemical processes, and respectively implement a single factor analysis and index assessment.We selected the best conditions of microelectrolysis treatment as follows:iron carbon ratio:2:1 ( iron 50 g); reaction time:90 minutes; pH:3; wastewater concentration:nitrobenzene 1000 mg·L-1, aniline concentration 200 mg·L-1
PPs can be used as new resources of the antioxidation production.
Kinetics and thermodynamics of the adsorption of Zn(Ⅱ)onto the adsorbent in aqueous solution were investigated.The adsorption kinetics of Zn(Ⅱ)on the CS/HA was found to follow the pseudo-second-order kinetic model,and the apparent adsorption activation energy was measured.
Results The total effective rate of auricular pressure combined with body acupuncture group is superior to the control group(P<0.05).In improving the thickness of gallbladder wall,the treatment group is superior to the control group,(P<0.05).
Objective: To observe the clinical efficacy and side effect of Shenqi Fuzheng injection in the treatment of advanced cancer with syndrome of Qi and Yin Deficiency.
A Preliminary Study of Leaf Protein Extraction Technology
Clinical tests have shown that patients using Generic Levitra (Vardenafil) begin to feel the results of the medication within 30 minutes.
It was enough for her to make the decision to get hersubsequent care with her private oncologist who, every time shewent, examined both breasts including the axillary tail, examinedher axilla carefully, examined her cervical region, her inguinalregion, did a thorough exam.
The researches elucidate that the ABA and the GA regulate the mechanism of the growth and the development of plant root systems through regulating the metabolism of the ROS
After 12 weeks of feeding, mean pulmonary arterial pressure(mPAP) of each rat were evaluated by using a right cardiac catheterization procedure.
Comparison of curative effect of ulear never entrapment: A report of 40 cases
In peri-infarcted area, the density of vagal innervation was obviously higher in the 30 days after myocardial infarction group than in the 3 and 7 days after myocardial infarction groups (t=2.452-3.186, P < 0.05-0.01).
In all regions of the Republic, obstetric-gynaecological facilities are providing free contraception and abortion services for HIV-infected women and drug-addicted women in order to prevent congenital HIV infection
study on that synthesis and application of UV-curable polyurethane acrylate prepolymer
Methods Dysmenorrhea,dyspareunia,anus flatulence and defecation pain,chronic pelvic pain(CPP) of 300 patients with endometriosis diagnosed by laparoscopy and pathology were retrospectively analyzed and their correlation was assessed.
Study on the inhibitory effect of Ag dopant on nano-TiO_2 on growth of cyanobacteria
Septic shock syndrome that results from excessive host immune responses induced by infectious organisms is a leading cause of death in hospitalized patients.
This is because a joining force to join intestinal canals IC1 and IC2 to each other is increased to prevent the release of the anastomosed canals, in a case where when the intestinal canals IC1 and IC2 are anastomosed as shown in, for example, FIG. 7C, and a force F2 is exerted so as to release the anastomosed intestinal canals IC1 and IC2 from the tip of a portion denatured by a continuous electrode 206, i.e., a portion Bi where the intestinal canals IC1 and IC2 are branched
The chimeric protein (50000 dalton) was purified and characterized by the β-galactosidase affinity chromatography and the expression of the somatostatin gene in E.
the group d represents the group consisting of a C1-C6 chain hydrocarbon group which is optionally substituted with a halogen atom, a phenyl group which is optionally substituted with a halogen atom, a C1-C6 alkoxy group which is optionally substituted with a halogen atom, a C1-C6 alkylthio group which is optionally substituted with a halogen atom, a halogen atom, a cyano group, and a nitro group;
suitable crosslink agents include hydrogen-abstracting carbonyl such as anthraquinone and benzophenone and their derivatives as disclosed in u. s. pat. no. 4,181, 752, and polyfunctional acrylates such as 1, 6-hexanediol diacrylate, trimethylolpropane triacrylate, and 1, 2-ethyleneglycol diacrylate, as well as those disclose in u. s. pat. no. 4,379, 201
An effective method was established for the simultaneous determination of six kinds of banned organophosphorous flame retardants,including tris(1-aziridinyl) phosphine oxide(TEPA),tris(2-chloroethyl) phosphate(TCEP),tris(2,3-dichloropropyl) phosphate(TDCP),bis(2,3-dibromopropyl) phosphate(DDBPP),tri-o-tolyl phosphate(TOCP) and tris(2,3-dibromopropyl)phosphate(TRIS),in textiles by gas chromatography tandem mass spectrometry(GC-MS/MS) combined with ultrasonic extraction.
TRPF; ture renal plasma flow
after 30 minutes the reactor was removed from the sand bath examples land 2 and comparative examples 1-4 were run as batch reactions according to the general experimental protocol described above.
Effect of intracoronary transplantation of autologous bone marrow mesenchymal stem cells in repairing infarcted myocardium
The invention discloses a primer, kit and method for conducting genetic typing on the hantavirus by means of a PCR direct sequencing method.
similarly, in that case of compound, R4 being general formula ( 3) and R6 bee phenyl group which may have substituents, naphthyl group which may have substituents or 5- or 6-membered heterocycle which may have substituents and its condense ring, wherein the substituent is lower alkoxy group which may be substituted with halogen atom or nitro group, among compounds represented by the general formula ( 1) or compounds represented by the general formula ( 6) and general formula ( 7), being synthetic intermediates in the preparative processes I through III, it is also possible to convert to hydroxy group, amino group and amino group which may have substituents
In the preparation of suppositories, 100 parts by weight of active compound may be incorporated in 1300 parts by weight of semi-synthetic glycerides as the suppository base and the mixture may be formed into suppositories each containing 100 mg of active ingredient.
The morphology study of rainbow trout(Oncorhynchus mykiss) liver
He injected killed virus from the spinal cords of infected rabbits into people bitten by rabid dogs, who survived by gaining immunity before they showed any symptoms.
THE PBOTECTIVE EFFECT AND MECHANISM OF AMOXICILLIN AGAINST RESERPINE-INDUCED
There were significant difference between. body-symptoms and phobia In Grade 98(P<0.05), and while Depression(P<0.01
Aim Using multiple tracking techniques(MTT) to analyze and evaluate the changes of atherosclerosis plaque biomechanics patients with metabolic syndrome(MS).
The method of claim 1, wherein obtaining sequence data comprises single molecule sequencing
the recombinant virus may preferably be replication-incompetent and not cause a malignancy naturally associated with the pathogenic bacteria in the host .
CT Manifestations of Hepatic Abscesses
Cerebral anterior circulation
The DNA was extracted from different organs of sugarcane by using the methods of2×CTAB and two improved SDS.
Methods Decompression of optic nerve canal was performed in 5 patients and decompression of optic nerve sheath was performed in 9 patients and drugs were administrated to 6 patients refusing to perform surgery among 20 cases,17 patients without light perception and 3 with light perception.
The shuffled pool can then be screened in a yeast two hybrid system to select library members which bind said predetermined polypeptide sequence (e.g., and SH2 domain) or which bind an alternate predetermined polypeptide sequence (e.g., an SH2 domain from another protein species).
A. Medicine Treatment and Preparation of Local Ischemic Reperfusion Induced Animal Model
in particular, functionalize silsesquioxanes of structure 1 can be synthesize by corner capping incompletely condensed oligomeric silsesquioxane of structure 2 with alkoxysilane monomers XSi ( OR' ) 3 under base catalysis, with X being a hydrogen, oxy, hydroxyl, alkoxy, carboxyl, silyl, silyloxy, halogen, epoxy, ester, fluoroalkyl, isocyanate, acrylate, methacrylate, nitrile, amino, phosphine group, and--where possible--these radicals X may in turn be further functionalized, and/or a substituted or unsubstituted alkyl, cycloalkyl, alkenyl, cycloalkenyl, alkynyl, cycloalkynyl, aryl, heteroaryl radical which is functionalized with oxy, hydroxyl, alkoxy, carboxyl, silyl, silyloxy, halogen, epoxy, ester, fluoroalkyl, isocyanate, acrylate, methacrylate, nitrile, amino, phosphine groups.
A self-made multi-walled carbon nanotubes electrode was characterized by SEM,FITR,CV and Tafel,and applied to study the electrochemical reduction degradation of refractory organics,using ceftazidime as model pollutant,and the mass concentration after the reduction was measured by the HPLC.
Clinical Experience of the Binding Pancreaticojejunostomy- a Report of 21 Cases
The results showed the maturation rates of supplementation of FSH at 5 and 10 IU/mL(40.1%、27.6%) were lower than the control(49.0%), supplementation of FSH at 1 IU/mL improved the maturation rate(49.1%), but was not significantly different compared with the control(49.0%)(P> 0.05).
the Developnent of Green catalytic Synthesic metlods of methyl methacrylate
the mouse monoclonal anti-HA ( clone 12CA5 ) was obtained from Roche Molecular Biochemicals ( Indianapolis , IN ) .
19. A device for injecting into a patient a pharmaceutical preparation comprising an active ingredient preserved in glassy particles, the device including a hypodermic needle;
The Protective Effect of Erythropoietin on Cerebral Ischemia
The samples were fixed by 10% formaldehyde,embedded by general paraffin and sliced up continuously by 4 μm.The positive expression of hypoxia-inducible factor-1α(HIF-1α),vascular endothelial growth factor(VEGF),COX-2 of cervical cancer tissue in 91 cases were measured by SP immunohistochemistry,and tumor angiogenesis was marked by CD105,and then microvessel density(MVD) was measured.SPSS16.
Distinct inhibiting effect was observed on tested bacteria when the concentration of La(Ⅲ) is in 1.0×10~(-6)~1.0×10~(-4) mol/L while inhibiting effect increases from 1.0×10~(-6) to 1.0×10~(-4) mol/L.
This paper reviewed the describing and the effect of storage condition on the physiological rind disorder of citrus fruits,And the control method in storage period was also described.
27 . a Coryneform bacterium according to any of claims 16 to 26 , wherein the Coryneform bacterium is selected from the group comprising the species Corynebacterium glutamicum , Corynebacterium acetoglutamicum , Cory neb acte ta ! um jeikeum , Corynebacterium acetoacidophilum , Corynebacterium thermo amino genes , Corynebacterium melassecola and Corynebacterium effiziens .
dissolving chloroplatinic acid and bismuth chloride at a mol ratio of (1-5):1 in 1-3 mol/L hydrochloric acid, adding PVP ( the molar ratio of PVP to the total of chloroplatinic acid and bismuth chloride is 15:1), adding sodium borohydride under stirring (the molar ratio of sodium borohydride to the total of chloroplatinic acid and bismuth chloride is 20:1), stirring for 2-3 h to obtain a sol;
The present invention relates to a method for preparing the 2, 2 '-bis -4, 4 '-benzidine which can be used as the raw material of the polyimide resin, when the inorganic acid such as sulphuric acid or concentrated hydrochloric acid exists and the 3, 3 '-bias diphenyl hydrazine is executed with benzidine rearrangement, the rearrangement yield can be increased by using the water-insoluble organic solvent such as toluene as reaction solvent.
Ki-67 is a kind of cellular nuclear antigen and exist in G1 ana-phase and S, G2, M phase, but not in quiescent G0 phase
For other amino acids such as glutamate, it has been known to produce them using fermentation methods.
Gastrointestinal Hormones
The distribution of CGRP and SP-positive nerve endings in normal cervical spine structures
The second group was treated with Bonin combined with radiotherapy and the third group was treated with Bonin combined with chemotherapy. Results The effective rates of analgesia in radiotherapy alone, Bonin combined with radiotherapy and Bonin combined with chemotherapy were 85.7% ,95.6% and 75.0% , respectively, showing a significant difference(P < 0.05) .
LFR; lymphoid follicular reticulosis
Study of Lanthania-Based Catalysts for Oxidative Coupling of Methane to C_2-Hydrocarbons
The morbidity of CHAD in AHAD group and CHAD group decreased gradually within observed period and was negatively correlated to the observed time(r AHAD =-0.8993, p<0.01; r CHAD =-0.9068, p<0.01).
The activity of anti-oxidation enzyme in serum was tested for three doses of groups and blank control group after 45 days of consecutive drug or solvent giving.Results The activity of SOD and GSH-Px in high dose group were significantly higher than that in control group(P<0.01).
Planning system for neurostimulation therapy
A reverse-phase column Hypersil ODS (4.6 X150mm, 5 u m) was used for chromatographic separation under isocratic conditions with methanol as the mobile phase at flow-rate of 0.7 mL/min. The detection wavelength was set at 210nm.
16-slice Helical CT 3D Reconstruction and MPR:the Clinical Application in Nasal Bone Fracture
it is understood that that effective amount for any particular patient or subject depend upon a variety of factors include the age, body weight, general health, sex, diet, time of administration, route of administration, and rate of excretion, and the severity of the particular condition undergoing treatment.
The present invention also provides a method of producing an adhesive protein which comprises the steps of: (a) constructing a vector which contains operably a nucleotide sequence encoding an adhesive protein;
The relationship between anemia before and during pregnancy and neonatal physical development
Externally-applied traditional Chinese medicine composition for treating scapulohumeral periarthritis
(D) a compound represented by the following formula (1) in which R1 represents a hydroxyl group or an alkoxy group, R2 represents a hydrogen atom or a monovalent hydrocarbon group, and n is an integer of from 1 to 7;
Objective: To approach therapeutic effects of reduced glutathione for injection and KuHuang injection in treating chronic hepatitis B. Method: Eighty patients were randomized into observation group and control group.
Construction of Chicken Infectious Anemia Virus Vector Based on VP1 and VP2 Genes
the diseases responsive to a serotonin reuptake inhibitor include depression , anxiety disorders and other affective disorders , eating disorders such as bulimia , anorexia and obesity , phobias , dysthymia , premenstrual syndrome , cognitive disorders , impulse control disorders , attention deficit hyperactivity disorder , psychosis , including schizophrenia and schizoaffective disorders , psychosis , including schizophrenia and schizoaffective disorders and drug abuse , in particular depression .
5. By applying our recurrence method of decreasing order, we obtain the close formulas of convoluted summations for Generalized Fibonacci-Lucas numbers, Euler numbers and Genocchi numbers etc. Furthermore, we obtain the computed formulae of the higher-order cumulants for a class of the lattice animal and some identities for Riemann Zeta functions and Beta functions.
Study of the Stability of Liquid Nucleotides Fertilizer for Agriculture
More specifically, disclosed herein upstream purification steps includes a cell lysis / clarify lysate two part process, wherein the first by including objective supercoiled plasmid DNA host cells lysate, then through flocculation clarification of the lysate, to rid the host cell debris.
The morphologies and size distributions of the P(St-co-DM) colloid particles were studied by transmission electron microscopy(TEM) and dynamic light scattering(DLS).
Microbial growth during the fermentation process produces sediments, which are removed during racking.
The Study on HCMV Protease Inhibitors (I) Design and Liquid phase Combinatorial Building Block Synthesis of Peptidomimetic Inhibitors
The Correlation between Changes of CysC and Hcy Levels in Patients with Acute Myocardial Infarction
Sex differences and sexual orientation differences in mental abilities.
" Cardiovascular myocardial ischemia ,
31853 or extracting Propolis Flavonoids with CO2 supercritical extraction.
the aluminum-base or silicon-based ceramic is infused in that aluminum-silicon composite sol, after preparing a carry coating by drying and baking, then the carrier coating is infused in cerium-zirconium composite solution for preparing the coating of active catalyst components.
There are other preferred joint includes common pathways in CD80 or CD86 antagonists, including antibodies, soluble receptors or antagonist ligands.
Sludge domestication process using SBR method in trickling biofilter treating leather malodorous gas were studied to examine the microbial characteristics,including removal rate of ammonia nitrogen and sulfide,changes of SVI during the sludge domestication process and micro-organism on the zeolite researched by scanning electron microscope after membrane-hanging.
In this application a "set" can comprise one, two, three or four mutations.
Inhabition of Matrine on the AngⅡ-induced Proliferation of Cardiac Fibroblasts and Its Mechanism
Diagnostic Value of Serum Procalcitonin Levels in Elderly Patients with Cholelithiasis Complicated by Infection after Biliary Tract Surgery
34 of them received Endo-dop examination,in which position and depth of the probe was adjusted once signals of blood flow was detected.The image of Endo-dop was recorded.
Objective To investigate the distribution and antibiotic resistance of pathogens isolated from children with primary nephrotic syndrome(PNS) complicated with urinary tract infection(UTI), so as to provide references for reasonable use of anti-infective agents in clinical practice.
in one embodiment, that method comprise: preparing a poly ( arylene ether) solution comprise a poly ( arylene ether) and a solvent, wherein the poly ( arylene ether) is the polymerization product of a monohydric phenol comprising 2, 6-dimethylphenol, 2, 3, 6-trimethylphenol, or a combination thereof, and wherein the solvent comprises toluene
The infectious rate of bacteria, virus eumycetes and TB was 66.67%, 44.44%, 11.11% and 5.56% respectively in the lungs after 6 months renal transplantation.
Enzymatic modification includes hydrolysis and cross-linking
Effect of rosiglitazone on the expression of integrin β_1 in proximal tubular cell exposed to high glucose
Pelvic fracture was significantly associated with mortality, with odds ratios for mortality of 2.4 and 2.0 at the two centers.
The invention relates to transdermal therapeutic systems having nicotine as active substance,
Preferably, the mammalian cell-line of choice is suited to the production of clinical grade material, e.g. CHO cells
31 . the method of claim 30 wherein the respiratory tract disease is selected from the group consisting of bronchial asthma , pulmonary emphysema , chronic obstructive pulmonary emphysema , centrilobular emphysema , panacinar pulmonary emphysema , acute bronchitis , chronic bronchitis , chronic obstructive bronchitis , reactive respiratory tract diseases , cystic fibrosis , bronchiectasis , acquired bronchiectasis , Kartagener 's syndrome , apneumatosis , acute apneumatosis , chronic apneumatosis , pneumonia , essential thrombocytopenia , legionellosis , parrot disease , fibroplastic pneumoconiocis , diseases caused by organic dust , diseases caused by irritant gas and chemical substances ,
Results The emerging rate of peripheral vascular distribution change was 74%(benign nodules were 71%and malignant nodules were 77%) and there were no significant differences between these two types.
Series of the polyhydroxylated piperidine alkaloids in mulberry are sugar mimics with a nitrogen atom in place of the ring oxygen of monosaccharides.Modern pharmacological studies have comfirmed that these compounds inhibit glycosidases enzymes,further insulin release and inhibit glycogen-degrading enzyme.
( C ) Normal breast-like genes .
SNARE proteins from many species are suitable as substrate proteins for BoNT toxins, because these proteins are known to be conserved at the amino acid level
the present invention also provide a compound of formula ( III) which is that intermediates of the compound ( I), wherein R present protective groups of hydroxy carboxylic acid
Clinical and MRI features of demyelinating disease in children:A report of 38 cases
Of 190 spontaneously discharging medullary units from 12 rabbits, 44 were blood pressure-related units, i. e., they exhibited a parallel change frequency with the pressor response elicited by hypothalamic stimulation.
Clinical Study on Expression of HPA in Cervical Carcinoma;
hplc analysis of the crude reaction mixture and comparison against a known sample of nalbuphine confirmed the formation of nalbuphine.
Several factors were studied such as concentration of the infection,infection time,acetosyringone(AS) concentration,negative pressure and screening methods for genetic transformation of Gladiolus mediated by agrobac-terium tumefaciens(GV3101).
Objective To explore the possible action mechanism of eye acupuncture in treating irritable bowel syndrome(IBS), by observing the effect of eye acupuncture on the cerebral blood flow in the patients with diarrhea-predominant irritable bowel syndrome(D-IBS).
Isolation of Floral Organ Identity Genes and Hormonal Regulation of Their Expression in Hyacinthus Orientalis L.
Postoperative ARDS in the acute cholecystitis combined with type 2 diabetes
Experimental results show that this means is effective on red cells and nucleolus of tumor cells.
if that PPD t was positive and the PPD-eT patch test was negative, transdermal administration was incomplete
Changes of active molecular marker on platelet surface in old patients with coronary disease
The reaction mixture according to claim 12, wherein the reporter is selected from the group consisting of a fluorescein dye, a rhodamine dye, a cyanine dye, FAM, JOE, R6G, TAMRA, ROX, DABCYL, Cy3, Cy3.5, CyS, Cy5.5, Cy7, and EDANS
Methylene dichloride and tetrahydrofuran solvents in the prior process are substituted by adopting alcohol, ketone or ester solvents, so that an amidation reaction is greatly improved,
Research progress in catalysts for synthesis of epoxy chloropropane from glycerol
Baylis-Hillman Reactions and Direct Asymmetric Aldol Reactions Promoted by Chiral Organocatalysts
the styrene resin of that present invention is require to contain 10 to 50 parts by weight, preferably 15 to 45 part by weight, more preferably 20 to 40 parts by weight of a rubbery polymer component having a copolymer of monomers graf thereon and occluded therein, that is, a dispersed phase component
Results: The serum Resistin levels and serum TNF- α levels are much higher in the non-obese DM subjects and obese DM subjects than in the normal control group. The difference is significant(P<0. 05,P<0. 01).
study on adhesive property of tuberculosis onto that surface of different implant material
PS/2 Mice and PS/2 keyboards
Effects of oligodendrocyte on the expression of GAP-43 in PC12 cells
A study on the difiernt culturing conditions of mouseblastocysts in vitro
The waste culture medium storage tank 27 may be disposed at the opposite side of the floatation plate 22 and may store waste culture medium from which micro algae are removed
Case control study on risk factors of congenital microtia
Further, upon an appraisal of eluates according to the approval standards for artificial kidney apparatus, the obtained hollow fiber membranes cleared these standards as they showed an absorbency of 0.051 with respect to an ultraviolet absorption spectrum at a wavelength of 220 nm with a 10 mm layer length
Prognosis Correlation Analysis for Patient with Severe Sepsis and High-density Lipoproteing
study on pathogenic feature of Salmonella typhimurium in Fujian, china
Comparison of PCR-Fluorescence Probing and Flow Cytometry(FCM) Detecting Human Leukocyte Antigen B27(HLA-B27) in the Diagnosis of Ankylosing Spondylitis(AS)
Determination of the content and the related substances of geldanamycin in vaginal effervescent tablet by RP-HPLC
this feature is commonly known as film-ability and is in connection with the rheological properties of the coating solutions or suspensions and the crystallinity of the agents when the solvent is removed.
The check marker in all sample was calcium, phosphorus, 25(OH)D3, ALP, BALP and BGP. Results:
if a solid carry is used for oral administration
Effects of Traditional Chinese Medicine Tiannianyin on Apoptosis and Related Factors of Spermatogenic Cells in Testis of Aging Rats
Methods Eighteen newborn rabbits were divided randomly into 3 groups of Assistor Control Mandatory Ventilation(A/C),Control Mandatory Ventilation(CMV) and Synchronized intermittent Mandatory Ventilation(SIMV).
since Biejia decoction of that nee high, medium and low doses of the blood group of Dutch researcher percentage mouse neoplasms, CD4/CD8 prices were higher than the physiological saline group, the effect is particularly prominent in the medium-dose Biejia decoction of the nee group
The rate of tumor growth was 90
Study of the Gene Polymorphism in Intron 2 of IL-1RN in Chinese Han Population of Hubei
We also analyzed the potential years of lost life (PLYY) of the disease, and the RR and AR% of PYLL rate were calculated. ResultsThe relative risk (RR) of intervention on gastric carcinomawas 0.5706 (95% CI: 0.3705~0.8789, P< 0.05), which is statistically significant
The thermal contraction temperature(67.2±1.6℃) and the collagen deposition capacity(613.6±74.6μg/mg) in caudal tendon of old rats were higher than those of young rats (64.1± 2.3℃, 529.7±46.3μg/mg) (P< 0.01
the rin method is also suitable to reactivate antimicrobial activities of antimicrobially exhaust membrane filtration systems
eluting the antibody from the cation exchange material with an elution buffer at a conductivity which is substantially greater than that of the second wash buffer
The double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled study included 24 patients ages 48 to 84
Effect of G-CSF on bone marrow and peripheral blood CD_(34)~+ cell and T lymphocyte subsets in healthy donors
Anorexia nervosa also appears to be responsive to treatment with IPT
Effect of rh-GH on coronary collateral circulation of rats with acute myocardial infarction
It is used not only in stain, vintage, making vinegar and sauce but in the enzymes' preparation
In order to demonstrate the relationship between somatostatin (SRIF) and vasopressin (VP) or ncurotensin (NT) in periventricular nucleus (Pv) and paraventricular nucleus (PVN) of the rat hypothalamus, pre-embedding PAP labeling SRIF combined with post-embedding colloid gold labeling VP or NT was used in this study.
Methods We measured ankle-brachial blood pressure of 1225 adults Using self-developed KD-991 portable ankle-brachial blood pressure detecting simultaneously instrument and calculated ankle-brachial index and carried on trend analysis and statistical curve by age group.
include an enzyme capable of oxidizing glucose
A Chinese medicine in the form of injection for treating the deficiency of qi and yang is prepared from ginseng and prepared aconite root through extracting, proportionally mixing, adding tween-80 and the water for injection, regulating pH=5-7, filtering, pouring in bottle and sterilizing.
Objective: To observe the clinical results of Hongteng decoction retention enema combined with Tamsulosin for chronic prostatitis.
Results There was no significant difference of blood viscosity, plasma osmotic pressure, hemotocrit, fibrinogen and platelet concentration between the the two groups, while platelet aggregation rate in CH group was significantly lower than that in CI group ( P < 0.01), and it also significantly increased afte two week treatment in CH group ( P < 0.05
We further analyzed the expression of DC-specific markers, 33D1 and DEC-205, in the endometriosis lesions
Relationship between IP_3 and detrusor cell contraction mediated by M_3R
Evaluation of Time-resolved Fluoroimmunoassay of Serum AFP
in that right auriclua of the embryo at the same age ANF reached the maximam
Conclusion TGP has an obvious inhibition on CIA rats and it′s mechanism maybe related to decreasing the contents of IL-1β,VEGF and to inducing the balance of the inflammatory cytokine network,and thus play a therapeutic role on CIA.
The use of inactivated IBDV vaccines gives a higher antibody titer as well as a decrease of variation between antibody titers of birds belonging to the same flock.
Study on Co-curing System of Epoxy Resin and Cyanate EsterⅡ.Curing Kinetic Parameters and Cured Compound Properties
Detection of Leishmania tarentolae,Cryptosporidium parvum and Echinococcus granulosus genome DNA by nested PCR had no fragment.
Objective To investigate the clinicopathologic significance of gastrin expression in cancer tissue and its relation to the serum gastrin level in elderly patients with colorectal cancer.
The Effect of Open Wounds of Eyeball with Hypotony on the Rabbit Retinal Cell
Common previously checked childhood diseases and mortality rates are on the increase.
Clinical observation on acute cerebral infarction 120 cases treated with Edaravone and Ozagrel sodium
The results showed that 74 Chang7-2 SSSLs ranging over 2. 38 cMto 181. 46 cMwere obtained.The total length of SSSLs was 2 470. 53 cMwith average length of 33. 39 cMand 29% coverage.
Methods Sijunzi Decoction was decocted by the traditional decoction method(the tradition al group) and the automatic drug-decocting machine(the machine group).The differences of the water-soluble extract content and the decocting rate were compared between the two groups.
in one embodiment of that present invention sample comprise cells of the uterine cervix, in a preferred embodiment of the present invention the sample of cervical cell may be prepared according to a classical pap smear
Conclusion:Early diagnosis,radical resection,active and comprehensive adjuvant radiotherapy with/or chemotherapy help to improve the prognosis of gallbladder carcinoma.
All CPI1 genes from land plants have a conserved gene structure and high protein sequence similarity ranging from 48% to 90%,with low protein sequence similarity between land plants and algae.
If a bead porous material is prepared, the polymerizable solution (I) may be extruded into a gas or liquid, sprayed, dropped, or dispersed in a liquid immiscible with the components constituting the polymerizable solution (I
chronic poverty
in particular to rapidly and effectively neutralise stressor, obtain rapid wound healing, prevent tissue damage as cause by ischemia / - reperfusion processes or chemo- or radiotherapy and achieve a fast repair of tissue function
Methods 52 patients with bladder tumors(stage Tis~T2a) was treated by holmium laser resection with fiber cystoscope transurethrally.Among them 44 patients were primary tumor and 8 patients were recurrent tumor.
Investigation of Hepatitis B Infection status Among Teachers of Anren County in Hunan
Objective: To explore the application value of colonoscopy in the diagnosis of atypical appendicitis.
CHANGE OF NK CELL IN PERIPHERAL BLOOD IN CHILDREN ACUTE LEUKEMIA
Fusion thus accomplished is mediated via the binding of an attachment protein (or "antireceptor") on the viral envelope to a cognate receptor on the cell membrane.
the preparation can be prepare into dosage forms of lotion, milky lotion, gel, cream, ointment, pow, and granule, in combination with colorant, powder, moisturizer, emulsifier, solubilize, ultraviolet absorbent, thickener, drug, perfume, antifungal agent, plant extract, alcohol, etc
the spontaneous hypertensive rat ( SHR) groups A through H exhibit higher blood pressures when compare to that Wistar Kyoto rats ( WKY) group I and J
Results 58 patients received PCTC+STENT procedure using radial access.One patient was changed to using femoral access because of the tortuous artery.
Comparison of the Clinical Effect of PFLCP and PFNA for the Treatment of Intertrochanteric Fractures
Epigenetics is the study of heritable changes in gene expression that occurs without a change in DNA sequence
Methods: 139 cases with acute febrile symptoms were randomly divided into treatment group(n=78) and control group (n=61).
The expression of GGF2 mRNA in the rat spinal cord was measured by reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction(RT-PCR) at different time points after gene transfection,and the expression of EGFP was observed by fluorescence microscope.
286. the representative of maldives said his government took note of the improvements highlighted in the midterm review -- namely, advancements in access to primary education, gender issues, reduced infant and maternal mortality and treatment of substance abuse.
"Muscles may cramp and twitchWithout early treatment, effects may include bowlegs, knock-knees, and beadiness where the ribs meet the breastboneA narrow chest and pelvis can later increase susceptibility to lung diseases and impede childbirth."
A is aryl, cycloalkyl, cycloalkenyl, heteroaryl, heterocycloalkyl or heterocycloalkenyl, all of which are optionally stituted;
Studies on Mechanism of Physiological and Biochemical Resistance of Tomato to Bacterial Wilt
3 positive IgM cases(3/8),1 positive IgG case(1/8) and 1 positive dengue-specific IgM and IgG antibodies cases(1/8).
A method for dctecting and isolating AAV sequences in a sample of DNA obtained from tissue or cells is provided.
The traumatic brain injury-associated hospitalization rate was 70 cases per 100,000 children < or = 17 years of age per year; 15- to 17-year-old patients had the highest hospitalization rate (125 cases per 100,000 children per year).
functional protein
Results: There were 71 cases of oblique facial clefts in 4489692 births with an incidence of 0 16/10 +4 in China.
Expression of interleukin-6 by lamina propria mononuclear cells in the patient with ulcerative colitis
Causation and prevention of road frost heave in forest section
Results: 52 of 7038 recruits(4. 7%) were disqualified in surgery examination because of anal diseases,included 9 cases of thrombotic external hemorrhoids,17 cases of multifocal internal hemorrhoids and mixed hemorrhoids,5 cases of rectal prolapse,11 cases of anal fistula,4 cases of serious eczema,3 cases of leukoplakia and 3 cases of anal fissure.63 recruits with anal diseases were assessed as fit.
in a preferred embodiment that present invention concern the nucleic acid, the vector or the fusion protein according to the present invention as a vaccine for the at least partial prophylaxi against hiv infections and aids. a
for example over 60 % of the American population is classified as overweight or obese .
Methods: Wistar rats, male/female, weighing from 250 to 300 grams, were used
Study on the Ontology-based Tumor Diagnosis and HIFU Treatment Expert System Model
2. The isolated polypeptide of claim 1, wherein the polypeptide further comprises one or more amino acid substitutions or deletions corresponding to the amino acid substitutions listed in Table 1.
Methods Since 1993, we had used uterus to cram presacral space in 27 female patients with rectal cancer after Hartmann's operation and obsorved the pateints who were only stitched pelvic peritoneal and placed drainage tube in the presacral space. Results
The invention discloses a traditional Chinese medicine preparation used for treating coronary disease, angina pectoris, tummy ache caused by heatstroke, and pains in chest and abdomen, which relates to the medicine composition taking traditional Chinese medicinal materials as main raw materials.
Influence of protective temporary pacing on relieve duration of reperfusion hypotension and drug use in AIMI patients undergoing emergency PCI
THE PROGNOSIS OF SEVERE CLOSED HEAD INJURY
HIV-1 GP41 EPITOPES GENE EXPRESSION IN Ⅰ-Ⅱ DOMAIN OF M13 PHAGE PⅢ PROTEIN
Total flavonoids of broussonetia papyrifera extract and preparation method and application thereof
The effects of vesicular-arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi on growth of wild jujube (Zizyphus spinosus Hu) seedlings
Therapeutic application of direct-current electricity, especially the electric stimulation of nerves and muscle
As a bacterial quorum sensing system QS is participated in the regulation of the pathogenicity of pathogenic bacteria, the diphylloside A has the role of inhibiting the QS system and reducing the pathogenicity of the pathogenic bacteria of the QS system and is a broad-spectrum antibiotic drug;
The composition includes an EVA encapsulant, a curing agent and one of two particularly well-suited hindered amine light stabilizers, either O,O-t-Amyl-O-(1,2,2,6,6-Pentamethyl-4-piperidinyl) mono-peroxycarbonate or Poly[(4-hydroxy-2,2,6,6-tetramethyl-1-piperidine-ethanol)-co-dimethyl succinate].
In processes for recovering a purified xylene from a fluid mixture of aromatic compounds according to the invention, concentration operations comprises a selective sorption purification.
METHODS The dissolution curves of aspirin tablets with different quantities of aspirin were determined. The dissolution data were model-fitted.
The preparation is synthesized from glycyrrhizic acid and oligopeptide in the presence of a catalyst.
squalene synthetase is understood as mean a protein with that enzymatic activity of converting farnesyl pyrophosphate into squalene.
the regularity of natural variation of pancreatic duct in that elderly
hypocalcemia was diagnose if his seral calcium < 7 mg/dl. vitamine K deficiency was diagnosed if PA < 30
The invention combines protein with fat, gives prominence to protein energy equalization and emphasizes the nutritional efficacy of the protein and the lecithin.
(number of countries where the mortality rate of refugee children under 5 years of age does not meet acceptable standards)
The instant compounds are particularly useful when co-administered with radiation therapy.
Also, some myelin antibodies promote remyelination (Rodriguez et al., 1987), which is not of benefit during axonal regeneration.
Results The treatment charging planning documents generated by TPS and EXCEL communication technology includes full treatment information and clear treatment costs.
Sixteen patients had no local recurrence or metastasis while 5 had recurrence. MSTS functional scores showed 70% of the patients scored more than 3 in all items
Therefore,this study suggests that the formation and development of essential hypertension are related to immunological genetic factors.
The invention further concerns the viruses according to the present invention, in particular MVA for the preparation of a medicament to be administered to an animal, including a human, wherein said medicament increases the level of factors which activate dendritic cells and/or increases the number of dendritic cells and/or increases the production and/or cellular content of an interferon (IFN) or IL-12.
in addition, almost all method for analyzing protein are time-consuming, laborious and, in some cases, associated with considerable apparatus costs, so that they cannot be employe straight-forwardly in clinical routine or high-throughput procedures
Furthermore, the extracts arrest A549 cell in S and G2/M phase and induce HT-29 cell cycle arrest only in G2/M phase.
Conclusion The community health service centers should strengthen the intensive care of pregnancy in the third trimester with oligohydramnios conditions,and select the correct mode of delivery in a timely manner to effectively reduce the adverse pregnancy outcomes.
DELTA.t between the light intensity peak position of the subject image and the light intensity peak position of the nonessential light image is shorter than the distance P between the light intensity peak position of the subject image and the boundary of the area where the intensity of the subject image exceeds the saturation sensitivity of the light receptor element, then the nonessential light image 11 is formed within the area 10 of the subject image on the imaging plane 6.
Ovarian Fibrothecomas with Elevated serum CA_(125) Levels:8 cases reports
4. The diagnostic kit for cancer diagnosis according to claim 4, wherein said diagnostic kit assesses the state of cancer progression and additionally contains an oligonucleotide essentially containing sequences of a part or the entire region of the exon 3 region of G-CSF gene.
The Influencing Factors on the Synthesis of Chiral Benzopyran Catalyzed by Prolinol Silyl Ether
Based on the result of all-in all-out test,the condition of volume expansion during the fermentation process was very significant.
Operating time,blood loss,clearance of HPV,status of incisal margins,rate of persistence or recurrence were compared between the two groups respectively.Cauterization effect on pathology judgement and influence factors of lesions persistence or recurrence were analyzed.
This article reviewed the application of groupⅣmetal complexes bearing phenoxy-imine ligand (FI catalyst) to olefin living polymerizatioa The ortho-F atom on N-aromatic ring is the prerequisite for FI catalyst to make the living polymerization of ethylene proceed; the steric hindrance of aryloxy ortho-substituent does not militate against the catalyst’s character of living polymerization
9 . the MEC of claim 8 wherein said C6-CI3 alkyl acetates are seleceted from the group consisting of oxo-hexyl , oxo-heptyl , oxo-octyl , oxo-2-ethyl-hexyl , oxo-nonyl , oxo-decyl , oxo-dodecyl and oxo-tridecyl acetates .
The contents of Fe, Zn, Cu, Se in 68 pairs of newborn boby's umbilical card and their mother serum were analysed.
MRI characteristics of nonalcoholic Wernicke encephalopathy
However , the two biguanides , phenformin and metformin , can induce lactic acidosis and nausea / diarrhoea .
Curative Effect of Urokinase With Sequential Anticoagulant Therapy in Treating Sub-massive Pulmonary Embolism
After treatment, bone mineral density in the experimental group was significantly higher than that in the control group, the difference was statistically significant (P<0.05).
The influnce of TLSF_(JM) on the proportion of Th1/Th2-like cell subsets
on the contrary, cells of the transformant were short and thick compared with the wild-type (FIG. 14).
The Effect of Controlled Low Central Venous Pressure on the Haemodynamics and Metabolism of Oxygen in Swine;
include steroidal agent, compounds or drug which reduce inflammation when administered at a therapeutically effective level
Results Of the 734 subjects with complete data, there were 55 cases with open angle glaucoma (7 5%), 59 angle closure glaucoma (8 4%) and 98 glaucoma suspects (13 4%).
Childhood Obesity and Perinatal Health Care
For example, fruits known to be high in anti-oxidants have proven effective.
in case that chosen site in the genome ( a regulate nucleotide sequence of a gene ) is responsible for a disease,
Methods:62 acute pancreatitis patients were randomly divided into octreotide group and controlled group.
adding nitrogen heterocyclic butanone sulfinic acid which is a primary standard substance, a chlorinated solvent and a catalyst which is 1 to 5 percent of the primary standard substance by weight into a reaction kettle;
The high incidence of measles in adult groups and 8 months infants result from the low antibody level
De-identified data sets, containing demographic characteristics and details of cause of death, can be obtained from ABS and AIHW for most analyses of mortality.
For example, in a Novartis analysis of 35-49 year olds in one community, only 44% of hypertension patients were first diagnosed in CHCs, 39% as outpatients as hospitals, and another 17% were not diagnosed until actually hospitalized, which is much more expensive and associated with later stages of disease
The sensitivity test results reveal that [Zn(CHZ)3](ClO4)2 was insensitive to impact,friction and flame stimuli.
Effect of Single Coptis,Rheum and Salvia on Tumor Necrosis Factor Expression and Amylase in Rats with Experimental Acute Hemorrhagic Necrotic Pancreatitis
USING YEAST α FACTOR TO EXPRESS EXOGENOUS GENES
(3)liquefaction and coagulation necrosis;
Al2O3/Au nano-laminated composite coatings were prepared by means of magnetron sputtering.The coating was compact and comprised of nano-laminated Al2O3 and Au layers.
in which T is a pharmaceutically-acceptable substituent group
The majority of patients were improved for quality of life.
Disorder algorithm, which a disorder of a group of data, is the opposite with order algorithm
Growth Mechanism and Characterization of Flexible TiO2 Nanowhisker Films Hydrothermally Synthesized in Dilute Alkaline Solution
The tensile and impact fractography of carbon fiber reinforced zinc composite prepared by means of vacumn liquid-infiltration were investigated respectively with the aid of scanning electron microscopy. The fracture process of the composite was also studied by kinetic longitudinal, off-axis uniaxial and transverse tests. The results show that its normal fracture has a lot of filaments pulled-out and the matrices cleavaged. Its fracture process is that higher stresses at the tip of cracks initiat...
the sample comprise that at least one target nucleic acid and at least one non-target nucleic acid
Studies on adsorption of radio isotope ~(131) Ba in silica gel
Study on Biological Effect of Component of Cellulase by Ion Implantation
GABA_A receptor mediated inhibitory effect of thiopental sodium on glutamate release from prefrontal cortical synaptosomes in rats
Allogeneic transplantation(alloSCt) using reduced intensity conditioning(RIC) is a salvage option, but its effectiveness is still unclear
It declares that the addition of inulin in the diet can decline the cecal pH value and improve the apparent protein digestibility,the suitable dose of inulin for the breeder rooster diet is 1. 5%.
Studies on Variation of Anatomical Properties of the Clones of Eucalyptus grandis within a Tree and Among Trees
Effects of free-air CO_2 enrichment (FACE) on phosphorus nutrition of Oryza sativa at its different growth stages.
Effect of Mifepristone on the Expression of Dickkopf-1 in Endometrium of Pregnant Mouse during the Peri-implantation Period
Expression and biological activity analysis of human soluble IL 6R and its mutant
the relationship between that expression of MMP and TIMPs and metastasis and prognosi in no-small cell lung cancer
Amoxicillin plus clavulanic acid versus appendicectomy for treatment of acute uncomplicated appendicitis: an open-label, non-inferiority, randomised controlled trial
Methods Detections were made on the serum levels of prolectin in 125 cases by using radioimmunoassay, while in the cases of Graves' disease, TT3, TT4, rT3, FT3, FT4, TGA and TMA were also detected. TSH was detected by IRMA method.
Three commonly used intuitionistic methods were employed to evaluate the blood compatibility of ungrafted films and grafted films.
the present invention provides a method of providing one or more oral health benefits to an oral cavity of a mammalian subject.
The structures of the products were characterized by ~1H NMR, ~31P NMR, IR, MS and elemental analyses.The configuration of I 3 A was determined by X-ray diffraction analysis
04D respectively, which were all much better than that before treatment .
OBSERVATION ON THE AFFERENT NERVE ACTIVTY INDUCED BY STMULATION OF RENAL RECEPTORS IN THE RABBITS
isolation and identification of spermatid in semen of Male infertile patients
include information on capacity-building workshops, train programmes, round-table discussions and conferences on gen mainstreaming, which not only cover why gender perspectives are important, but provide information on implementation of gender mainstreaming in practice
Ethical Issues and Therapy of Placebo in Pharmacopsychology;
Methods The combination of minimally invasive treatment of long-bridge-type LCP was performed on 46 patients with proximal humerus and humeral shaft fractures.
Method DNA of 2 104 women was examined for the cytological and high-risk HPV of cervix,using pathological results detected by vaginal speculum as the standard.
Method 60 cases of emergency appendectomy patients were randomly divided into experimental and control groups.Experimental group were treated with CSEA and the control group with epidural anesthesia(EA).
it construct the pseudomonad is active ingredients with aquatic Candida, globular yeast, bacillus subtilis, formulated according to the quality ratio of 0.5-1.7:0.0-1.5:1.0-3.0:
Conclusions ESM-1 might be involved in the development of renal carcinoma and its angiogenesis.
Telomerase activity was observed at the temperature of 30℃ and in reaction time of 60 min.
Clinical significance of ciclosporin blood concentration monitoring frequency in renal transplant recipients
Accordingly, it is a primary object of this invention to provide a method for reducing or preventing damage to the living organisms caused by radiation by the administration of isoflavone compounds before, during or after exposure to radiation.
Conclusion 18F-FDG/CT could effectively decrease the influence of human element.sketche NSCLC radiotherapy planning target area more precise and develop the accuracy of 3DCRT.
Winning at any cost was the only maxim, and catalytic antibodies were the tonic
study on synthesis and photochromic Properties of substitude Azo-sulphonamide ( sulphonel )
There was a drift of predominant serotype from G3 to G9 during 2010 to 2012.
Effect of PPARs regulation agents on growth performance,glucose and lipid metabolism of Micropterus salmoides
Designation of gACE epitope and preparation of its polgclonal antibody
Agropyron glaucum which was systematically selected for three years as male parent was crossed with F5 progeny material of wheat variety "Keqiang" of geographically distant hybridized with "Nanda 2419" as female parent. In order to eliminate F1 sterility, prolonging fertility method was adopted. Zhong 4 and Zhong 5 were obtained through nine years continuous selection breeding.Zhong 4 and Zhong 5 have high resistance to wheat yellow dwarf virus, have immunity or high resistance to many physiolog...
In this paper, the J6R ( F12 ) promoter, which promotes the expression of gene coding a 147 kilodalton unit of vaccinia virus RNA polymerase, had been cloned from the Tian Tan strain of vaccinia virus with DNA polymerase chain reaction ( PCR ) . This showed that PCR technique can be applied to clone and modify the promoter of vaccinia virus.
In 1978-1979,an epidemilogical survey and bacteriological tests were taken.in kansu province on this diseaso.
the present invention utilize neutral sodium carbonate and sodium bicarbonate buffering solution to extract free phosphoric acid in catalyst. through ion chromatography proces, that present invention separates and determines quantitatively the three components include ortho-phosphoric acid, pyrophosphoric acid and polyphosphoric acid
The results showed that there were great differences in rooting ratio of cuttings with different treatments.In the summer,with the semi-lignified twigs cuttings,which diameter was above 0. 35cm and retained 1-2 leaf,in addition,with concentration 200mg / L of IBA hormones treating for 10s,the cuttings rooting rate reached more than 85% in the sand bed of full light automatic intermittent spray.
Interventional efficacy of fructose 1,6-diphosthate on reperfused myocardial injury of rats
Pneumonia is sneaky, to say the least. It often strikes in the midst of another illness, like bronchitis or the flu. But it's a lot less of a death sentence than it used to be. In 1900, it was the No. 1 cause of death in the U.S. In 2006, pneumonia was the eighth most common cause of death, along with influenza.
Chinese medicinal composition for curing cardiac neurosis
3.The same eccentric atrial activation sequence was shown during right ventricular pacing and tachycardia.
Clinical observation on the effect of bleomycin A5 on maxillofacil cavernous hemangioma
This is carried out in solvents which are aliphatic hydrocarbons such as hexanc, heptane, ligroin, and petroleum ether, aromatic hydrocarbons such as benzene, toluene, xylene, and chlorobenzene, tertiary amines such as pyridine, and N,N-diethylaniline, acid amides such as N,N-dimethylacetamide, N,N-dimetbylformamide, and N-methylpyrrolidone, sulfur containing compounds such as dimethylsulfoxide and sulfolane, and organic acids such as formic acid, acetic acid, lactic acid, and acetic anhydride.
The Discovery of “Grow-up” Phenomenon of the Dominant Dwarfing Gene Rht10 in Wheat
Experimental Study of Chest Trauma in Rats
a major heart operation
The recognition of antibodies in serum was tested with indirect immunofluorescence assay(IFA).
Conclusion The determination of D-D and CRP in the plasma of PIH patients can reflect the PIH patients′ condition and improve the diagnostic value of PIH.
specifically this invention is drawn to derivative of monocyclic polyamines which have activity in standard test against HIV- or FIV- infected cells, as well as other biological activity related to bin of ligands to chemokine receptors that mediate a number of mammalian embryonic developmental processes
in that presence of heme compound ( e. g., hemoglobin, myoglobin, peroxidases, cytochrome, etc. ), which are present in the serum which also are part of the cell membrane of phagocytic cells like macrophages, the stabilized chlorite solution become a secondary oxidant with oxidative properties different from chlorite and hydrogen peroxide.
Patients awaiting transplant are fully apprised of this
Conclusion Understanding deeply,early diagnose and appropriate treatment regimen are the key for the prognosis for patients of liver cirrhosis with PVT.
and at least a portion of the liquid phase of the blood is adsorbed by the zeolite material,
METHODS: Rats were randomly divided into normal control group,asthma model group and dexamethasone group and water extract of Hyssopus officinalis L high and low dose group.
Effect of Ursolic Acid on the Activity of NF-κB and Expression of P-Selectin in Kidney of Diabetic Rats
Relationship Between Na~+/H~+Antiport and Polyamines in Plasma Membrane Vesicles Prepared from Barley Roots Under Salt Treatment
The method for voiding a human's bladder can include positioning a catheter assembly proximate to the urethral meatus of a human patient.
the amount of that fumaric acid adde for crystallization of L-aspartic acid may be from 0.6 to 1.2 times the total molar amount of fumarate and L-aspartate both contain in the reaction solution containing L-aspartic acid.
Objective: To investigate the effect of Shenfu injection (SFI) on myocardium ischemia-reperfusion injury (IRI) in mitral valve replacement (MVR) with cardiopulmonary bypass (CPB) and its action mechanism and proper medication.
Full-thickness of the skins was taken respectively for the observation:①The wound healing time:Complete healing were defined as the wound area was less than 5% of total area or healing area was more than 95% of total area;
Appied anatomy on the reverse transposition of soleus musculocutaneous flap pedicled with peroneal vessels
Effects of Hedan tablet on the ALT,AST in serum and morphological in atherosclerosis rats
if you have gut, you have courage. Helen: Neil: yes, for example, you might say you need to have gut to be a policeman. Helen: Neil: yes.
in a further embodiment, that present invention relate to a combined method of treat osteoarthritis and associated articular and periarticular inflammations, and non-articular rheumatism including capsulitis, tendonitis, fibrositis, and periarticular inflammation
Lactobacillus casei, Micrococci were inoculated into the meat at the ratio of 1:2. The result showed that the fermented meat generated special aroma and flavor when the addition of salt, sugar was 2 %, 0.5% respectively, and the temperature of ferment
the compound of 2-benzene sulfonic acid group-2(2-chlorphenyl)methyl acetate shown in the formula(IV) reacts with 4,5,6,7-tetrahydrothienopyridine hydrochloride under alkaline conditions to generate free alkalis of clopidogrel, which is acted under a concentrated sulphuric acid to generate the bisulphate of clopidogrel shown in a formula(I).
In this structure, the atom group 5 exhibits a highest affinity for the fluorine-containing resin 7.
The rats were used to examine serum cholesterol(TG),triglyceride(TC),transaminase,hepatic homogenate iron content and the liver tissue disease changes in the characteristics of science.
Mice that were not pre-treated with resveratrol developed a serious reaction similar to the inflammatory disorder sepsis
Strains 36,37,38 were fall into group IV named group Ganoderma;
After 12 weeks treatment serum Apo-A1 was decreased significantly(P0.05).
3l lne most effective means for delivering the abuse-resistant compounds of the invention is orally, to permit maximum release of the amphetamine, and provide therapeutic effectiveness and / or sustained release while maintaining abuse resistance
4. The method according to claim 2, wherein the aqueous solution of the basic amino acid comprises effluent from a loading of the cation-exchange arrangement from a preceding amino acid separation.
Reported operations for scimitar syndrome are complex, often requiring circulatory arrest.
Results After one month of treatment,the liver function,total prothrombin activity were significantly improved(P<0.05).Quantitative hepatitis B virus(HBV) DNA decreased significantly(P<0.05).The effective rate in the early,middle and late stage of chronic severe hepatitis B were 73. 3%,73.7% and 33. 3% respectively,and the total effective rate was 63%.
In 1985, Dr. Howell published the Nutrition of Enzymes, and first proposed the significance of enzyme to the human health, venerated as "Father of Enzyme" in the academic world.
Further, the invention relates to a pharmaceutical composition containing such bonding products and compounds, and to the use thereof for preparing an infusible medicament for treating a disease.
Future research should aim to determine the beneficial effects of early treatment of TBI-associated coagulopathy
It was suggested that the transgenic Bt poplar had the obvious resistances to C. anachoreta larvae and no distinct toxicity to non-target organisms,which was of great value to further release to the field.
In the group of upper digestive tract hemorrhage patients, the recurrent rate was relatively high (the Hans 43. 1%, Tibetans 22. 2%, P>0. 05).
STUDY SELECTION: All the literatures were primarily checked, followed by looking over the quotations in each literature
Methods:10 mixed or early permanent dentition class Ⅱ 1 cases were selected:4 males and 6 females
in provide chemotherapy, multiple agents have different modalities of action are typically used as part of a chemotherapy" cocktail
in particular to application on treatment of inflammation and hypersensitivity disease
Also disclosed are RAGE fusion protein formulations and the use of the RAGE fusion proteins and RAGE fusion protein formulations as therapeutics for RAGE-mediated pathologies.
the result mixture was extracted with ethyl acetate ( 3 30 mL) and that combine ethyl acetate solution was washed with brine
it is expect that inflammatory diseases in that respiratory tract, for example asthma, rhinitis, COPD, alveolitis, bronchiolitis and bronchitis can be treat using the present pharmaceutical aerosol formulation.
There is no test that can declare conclusively that a patient has fibromyalgia
The operational stability of butyric acid type fermentation was investigated in H2-producing process by fermentation
Protective Role of Carbon Monoxide to Lung and Liver Tissues during Septic Shock of Rats and Its Primarily Mechanisms
Compared with the 3D-TTE,The measured parameters of left ventricular end-systolic volume,left ventricular end-diastolic volume,aneurysm volume by 3D-TEE was higher,while the measured parameters of left ventricular ejection fraction by 3D-TEE was lower.
Research progress of new antiplatelet drugs in the prevention and treatment for ischemic stroke
In this paper, we review the recent progress for the association between autophagy and bacterial infections in order to explore the potential application in treatment of bacterial infections.
Using HPLC-EC (High performance Liquid Chromatography with Electrochemical Detector), the monoamine levels in SHR in the 3rd and 6th month of age and age matched WKY were measured. Six regions of the brain were examined on each animal.The results show: in most regions of SHR, both 3rd and 6th month groups, the NE and 5-HT levels decreased significantly; but those in caudate nucleus of SHR in 6th month groups, the DA level increased remarkably. These results support the idea that the change of monoamine leve...
Prognostic significance of laminin receptor expression in breast carcinomas
The colored compound is a material that absorbs light in the visible spectrum, and furthermore has a functional group that bonds with the metal constituting the metal nanowire.
Objective:To observe the clinical curative effects of artificial liver support system(ALSS) and the application of plasma exchange(PE),plasma perfusion(PP) and direct hemoperfusion(DHP) in the treatment of fatal hepatitis.Methods:64 cases served as treatment group and 60 cases as control group,both groups were similar in basic medical treatment,but an additional ALSS was used in the treatment group.PE was to replace each time with the heterogenous,but homeotypical plasma at an equivalent amount of 40 ...
[Methods]54 patients with oral lichen planus in Affiliated Hospital of Inner Mongolia Medical College were randomly divided into the observation group(31 cases) and the control group(23 cases).The control group was treated with prednisolone suspension and lidocaine,the observation group was treated with integrated traditional Chinese and western medicine,and the clinical effect between two groups was compared.
In at least one connecting conduit 25 between the second cannula 20 (the inlet end of which is the end which is inserted into a hole 5 of the spongy bone 1) and the injector pump 21, there may be provided a non- - return valve device 26 and/or a collecting device 27 and/or a monomer filter 28 (if the bone substitute and/ /or bone reinforcing material 3 is of bone cement type) and/or a bacteria filter 29.
Accordingly the present invention provides methods for producing an ethanol product from granular starch without prior gelatinization of said starch.
Suitable selectively acting substances, for example antibiotics, can be added to the medium in order to maintain the stability of plasmids.
The effects of crosslinking conditions on the Ni2+ adsorption performance by crosslinked chitosan were investigated through orthogonal experiments.The optimum crosslinking conditions were determined as follows: formaldehyde 1 mL,reaction temperature 70 ℃,glutaraldehyde 2 mL,reaction time 2 h.
Also the present invention aims to provide DNAs encoding the genes of the above described S-adenosylmethionine synthetase mutants in the present invention
arteries are not completely immune, and on occasion may be eroded, leading to massive, sometimes fatal hemorrhage
These compounds are also suitable for the modulation of the cardiovascular system.
the Store/Migrate DNA page introduce you to items you can select in lat pages.
study on neural stem cell differentiated into cholinergic neuron induce by TrkA gene transfection
[Methods] A strain with high activity of cellulase was isolated and purified by carboxymethyl cellulose-Na(CMC-Na) medium.The morphological,physiological and biochemical characteristics and 16S rDNA gene were analyzed to identify the taxonomic position of the strain.Meanwhile,its cellulase producing conditions and degradation of several cellulose substrates were studied.
Exogenetic expression of GDNF of rat bone marrow stem cell
The results indicated that the combinedtoxicity cf Pb, Cd, and As was quite different from single of the three on miceliver metal levels. But liver Cu was not affected significantly.
late observation of cytogenetic in 29 cases expose to low content naphthalene
influence of a recombinant human tumor necrosis factor-Fc fusion protein on peripheral blood cell in patients with ankylose spondylitis
Background and Objectives:Subcutaneous emphysema are one of rare mishaps in dental clinic, which are defined as the abnormal presence of air under pressure along or between facial planes.
study on that oocyte apoptosis dure human fetal folliculogenesis
such as that medicament for treating malignant superficial solid tumor, lung cancer, liver cancer and the like
After refrigeration,larvae were transferred to 18 ℃,and survival rates and shell growth of larvae were investigated.
Conclusion VEGF eukaryotic can be expressed stably in the endothelial cells and cardiac rnyocytes with the help of lipofectamine, and it is useful for the gene therapy of myocardial ischemia.
METHODS: The expressions of survivin and COX 2 in 51 cases of human pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma were detected with immunohistochemistry of Envision.
is a tea therapy drink which is made of natural plant for clearing heat and reduce internal heat, removing pathogenic heat from that blood and toxic material from the body, and clearing the bowels and relieve constipation, has the functions of modulating physiology and warming middle energizer and tonifying deficiency, and has the characteristics of maintaining defecate unobstructed without loosing and tonifying in loosing.
By combining the near infrared spectroscopy (NIRS) and modern laser techniques based on above principle, a new method for detection of inhomogeneity (tumor) in tissue is developed by using optical coherent modulated phase array
the recent study of that inventors have indicate that adenoviral gene transfer of hsp20 in isolated cardiomyocytes improved contractile function and protect against beta-agonist-mediated apoptosis
and the antibacterial efficiency of the wool fiber finished by TiO2is higher, with good antibacterial property.
Comparing soft-core/hard-shell, hard-core/soft-shell and common latex with latex sold in the market, it proves that soft-core/hard-shell latex is the best in view of the stain resistance, and makes certain the ratios of core to shell and soft monomers to hard monomers in the polymerization
In a contemporary, population-based cohort presenting for cardiac catheterization for suspected ischemia, women with angiographically normal coronaries were> 4 times more likely to be readmitted to hospital for ACchest pain within 180 days compared to men.
In order to remove acidic catalysts, such as dissolved sulphuric acid or solid potassium hydrogensulphate, if added in the esterification stage, and in order to remove last residues of acidic constituents, it is also possible to provide a treatment with an alkaline reagent, for example with an aqueous sodium carbonate or sodium hydroxide solution, or, in exceptional cases, a filtration
The selectiveβ1,β2 and β3-AR agonist can caused concentration-dependent relaxations of the detrusor muscles.
this signal enables the control unit to compensate for the changed flow of the blood stream in the area around the inserted object.
The Effects on Proliferation and Differentiation to Osteoblast of SD Rat Bone Marrow Stromal Cells in Vitro of Naringin
Representative bile - acids and bile - acid derivatives that are suitable as additives and / or dissolution inhibitors for this invention include , but are not limited to , those illustrated below , which are as follows : cholic acid ( IV ) , deoxycholic acid ( V ) , lithocholic acid ( VI ) , t - butyl deoxycholate ( Vll ) , tbutyl lithocholate ( VIII ) , and t - butyl - 3 - a - acetyl lithocholate ( IX ) .
Method: 20 cultivars were planted on the same condition. On Oct. 23 and Sept. 25, 3 leaves per cultivar were collected on different plants, and 80 mg mesophyll was collected among upper lateral veins and was ground in 96% alcohol, and the supernatant was subjected to measure on a spectrophotometer (Angilent 8453
The Wilcoxon Signed Rank test and Paired-Samples t test were used to compare the preoperative and postoperative results by SPSS11.
The expression of survivin and PCNA was higher in HPV6/11 positive lesions than in HPV6/11 negative lesions
the dose of recombinant M. smegmatis , 109 bacteria , was very high , one million times the dose of recombinant BCG ( 103 bacteria ) , to more than compensate for the poor multiplication of M. smegmatis in the animal host .
Introduced a simple and practical method of synthesizing ambroxol hydrochloride impurities D. Taking 2-Amino-3, 5-dibromobenzaldehyde and cis-4-aminocyclohexanol hydrochloride as raw materials, sodium borohydride as reducing agent to generate the target product by a reductive amination reaction step
After the widespread introduction of laparoscopic cholecystectomy in 1991, the rate of cholecystectomy in North America increased by 30% to 60%, primarily because of higher rates of elective operations.
The postive rates of HSB and TNF-α in HCC group were 88. 6%, 78. 1% and 74. 3% respectively.
wherein R is a substituted or unsubstituted aryl or heteroaryl containing one or more heteroatoms, linear, branched or cyclic, substituted or unsubstituted alkyl, alkenyl, alkynyl,
the short fibers are preferably added to the elastomeric polymer solution at between about 10 and about 30 weight percent, more preferably between about 10 and about 20 weight percent, based on the total weight of the short fibers, elastomeric polymer, and solvent.
An experiment was conducted to study the allelopathy of Thymus mandschuricus Ronn.on five receptor plants,namely Pinus sylvestris var.mongolica,Larix gmelini,Betula platyphylla,Tagetes erecta and Petunia hybrid by the method of biological test.
The new ideas for diuretics, arginine vasopressin receptor antagonist, natriuretic peptides analogues and ultrafiltration are new advances of natriuresis in the treatment of heart failure.
Imported gene cloning instrument
plasma kinin
The establishment of the mammalian cell model expressing human Bcl 2 paves a way for the studies both on the mechanisms of bcl 2 action and on the interaction of bcl 2 and other genes
44. The method of claim 42 wherein the therapeutic agent is provided as a single dose.
the present invention concerns the use as perfuming ingredient ( of the fruity type ) of a compound of formula ( I ) in the form of any one of its stereoisomers or of a mixture thereof,
Haitian Teen With Severe Facial Deformity Continues Surgical
Objective To research the mechanism based on liver oxidative damage path of the toxical and side effects accompanied with anti-inflammation of water and alcohol extract from Rhizoma Menispermi.Thus,we try to provide experimental basis of intrahepatic material change for the study of correlation between toxicity and efficacy of Rhizoma Menispermi.
The median age of death is 68
Results:Class Ⅲ relationship in occlusion was corrected, ANB and SnNsBs increased by 2° and 4° respectively, ODI enlarged, APDI decreased
Synthesis of SPEEK Cation Exchange Membrane and Its Application in Preparing Thioglycolic Acid by Electroreduction;
Neonatal Murine Keratinocytes Split Express CD80/CD86 upon Culture
Objective To investigate the clinical features of lower respiratory tract infection caused by hypermastigote.
the IgG1 Fc chimeric protem may have treat effect on adult's rheuamtic arthritis, children's multiple rheumatic arthritis, pyaemia, chronic heart failure, SLE and other autoimmune diseases
Using these optimal medium, the L-isoleucine yield of N24 was 0. 775g/100ml and was more 73. 77% than 0. 446g/100ml of AS 1. 998. The genetic stability of strain N24 is comparative stable
These patients benefit well from liquid low-volume enteral compositions with a high content of nutrients, in particular proteins.
include a predisposition to myocardial infarction, angina pectoris, stroke, right ventricular dysfunction with cor pulmonale, carbon dioxide retention dure wakefulness as well as during sleep, and continuous, reduce arterial oxygen tension
Methods Forty-six knee joints of 30 KOA patients,including 16 patients with KOA in both knee joints and 14 patients with KOA in single knee joint,were treated with acupoint pressure and massage on meridians.Color Doppler ultrasound was used to detect the KOA knee cartilage thickness of medial and lateral femoral condyles before and after treatment.The clinical effect on KOA was evaluated by index of severity for osteoarthritis( ISOA).
these polymers include , but are not limited to , guar gums ; high-molecular-weight polysaccharides composed of mannose and galactose sugars ; or guar derivatives , such as hydropropyl guar , carboxymethyl guar , and carboxymethylhydropropyl guar .
Stability: the average preoperative and postoperative scores were 7.19 points and 10.00 points, the improved rate is 28.1%.
a method for the detection of viral contaminations in water samples is disclosed by regan,
High-level Expression of Phenylalanine Ammonia-lyase in Lactococcus Lactis Via Synthesized Sequence Based on Bias Codons
3.5.9 Support colour Doppler ultrasonic workstation and be compatible with DICOM and PACs.
Conclusion The operation of the anterior decompression and reconstruction with internal fixation for severe thoracolumbar burst fracture has advantages of complete decompression, full bone-grafting, and firm internal fixation. It can restore the spinal height and improve the spinal cord function.
Indications : urolithiasis such as renal calculus, ureteral calculus, vesical calculus and so on
Assessment of chronic schizophenic patient's occupational training and elementary analysts on quality of life
Haemophilus parasuis were identified by PCR from Hunan province isolates,and used 16S rRNA sequences to reconstruct their phylogenetic relationship.
in particular for sterilization or disinfection by germicidal UV illumination
Methods:100 patients with varicocele as the research object,according to the patients with different operation method,divided into the treatment group(laparoscopic operation group),control group(open operation treatment group).each group hde 50 cases,the average operation time,hospitalization time,postoperative recurrence in 1 years,the number of postoperative pain in all four index number expansion difference between the groups were comparde.
investigation and nurse of arteriosclerosis obliterans treated with autologous marrow stem cell transplantation in 53 cases
Establishment of an in Vitro Cell Culture System Transfected by Full-length HCV cDNA Genome
Badly damaged or aged chromatogram column should be substituted by new ones, if not fully damaged, it could be improved by aged chromatogram column.
U.S. Pat. No. 3,822,355 to Biological Concepts Inc. describes a method of controlling the ovulatory cycle in women involving administering placebo tablets daily for 12 to 16 days;
The present invention relates to complexes of transcription factor decoys, their delivery to bacteria and their formulation.
adding a plurality of PCR primers corresponding to genes found in the pathogens.
study on self-seal mechanism of Zn and Zn-Al coating base on electrochemical impedance spectroscopy
Hypoxic vascular endothelial cells activate WBCs,which bind to the endothelium and release directly damaging substances(eg,proteolytic enzymes)and inflammatory mediators(eg,cytokines,leukotrienes,tumor necrosis factor [TNF]).
Construction of tissue engineering cartilage with collagen/hydroxyapatite composite scaffolds loaded chondrocytes in vitro
Investigation of acrylate copolymer in mild surfactants system
Association Between Single Nucleotide Polymorphism in SORL1 Gene and Familial Alzheimer Disease
animals bearing 11 days old tumors are randomly assigned to two separate groups .
No anastomotic leakage or obstruction, or duodenal stump fistula was observed in this series of patients
Condusim TLR2 was found to be expressed on murine tumor cells,and mecliated an inhibition of tumor cells prociferation induced by PGN.
Showing acetyl choline and frog skin native is gastric secrete element adjust inside the wall two main medium in the mechanism
By surveying the crowds Legionella antibody positive rate in gender,age and job category were shown no significant differences between exposure group and control group(P>0.05).
Growth characteristics and security assessment of high peptidase strains
Methods Ninety-three cases with DCIS that we experienced at our clinic from 2009 to 2012 were classified into 27 cases(echo group) diagnosed by US alone and 66 cases(MMG/PE group) diagnosed by MMG or clinically.
The atoms or functional groups (C, O, CH and CCl) were used as molecular fragments to build an adjacent matrix, and the balanced electronegative of the molecular fragment was used to build a row matrix. The adjacent matrix and row matrix were combined to build a new index-topological adjacent electronegative index (TAEI
Obstetric ultrasound examination
supplemental heparin was adde with or without that growth factors at the same concentration as above to the specifically defined collagen gel controls
the relation between total cholesterol in plasma and RBC deformability
Methods The heat-clearing and detoxification effect of CISC was observed by in vivo and in vitro anti-influenza virus and anti-bacterial experiments,and by the fever-relieving experiments.
Objective To investigate the serum N-terminal pro-brain natriuretic peptide(NT-proBNP)level in patients with diastolic heart failure(DHF)and its clinical significance.
The Culturing、Identification of Neural Stem Cells of Embryonic Rat in Vitro and the Effect of HGF on Differentiation of Them
the pow has effects of promote blood circulation, regulating qi, dispelling pathogenic wind, and relieving pain; and can be use for treating appendicitis due to deficiency, abdominal psychroalgia, and feces with mucus or blood
Clinical significance of serum gamma globulin for the evaluation of preoperative hepatic functional reservation
In certain forms of therapy, e.g. pain therapy using focused acoustic waves, lower demands of precision are made in the setting and determination of distances between the source of acoustic waves and the body region of the patient to be treated, since in this form of therapy, there is a fairly low risk of damage to healthy tissue by the focused acoustic waves
Decreased brain SERT could also be related to the clinical finding that treatment with a selective serotonin re-uptake inhibitor might increase relapse to MA.
Survival rate, serum concentration of ALT, AST, LDH, pathological examination and hepatic collagen contents served as observing paramenters.
The influence of psychosocial factors on the rehabilitation of the stroke survivor
A holder of artificial eyeball is prepared from trigger, cross-linking agent, biocompatible polymer and pore-forming agent through
Results: VEGF was negative in all benign nevi, while the VEGF positive rates in primary stage, invasion phase, invasion and metastatic phase, metastatic phase and resting phase of the cutaneous melanomas were 33.3%, 73.1%, 87.5%, 89.3% and 50%, respectively
Production of superhydrophobic fibrous substrates
Of 22 tumor types tested, strong expression was found in seminoma (100% of samples tested), and expression was also found in melanoma, sarcoma, head and neck squamous cell carcinoma and neuroblastoma.
Modeling Study of the Prostate Specific Membrane Antigen
In addition , aberrant phosphorylation patterns may be associated with diseases , such as cancer and other hyper - proliferation disorders .
The Effects of Lead on the Concentration of Ca~2+ and the Activity of PKC in Long Term Potentiation at Hippocampal Zones of Rats
Subcutaneous emphysema and Oliguria were reported in 5(10. 6%) patients and 8(17. 0%) patients respectively.Results There were no clinical differences between different time points and baseline in SBP,DBP,HR,SpO2,PetCO2.The average operation time was(201±18.8)min.The average anesthesia time was(213±20.1)min.The average extubation time was(9. 3±4.
Chronic kidney disease (CKD) is associated with insulin resistance (IR).
Immobilization of High Activity Aminoacylase-producing Aspergillus Oryzae Cells Applied for Resolution of DL-Methionine
Clinical observation of intraocular lens implantation in secondary to aphasic eyes vitrectomy
Simultaneously determination of diclofenac sodium and chlorphenamine maleate by HPLC
Intact plantlets quickly differentiated from the regenerated calli after they were transferied onto a differentiation medium (MS-5A or MS-5B).
Results: The effect rate of expermental group was(32/40)80%,effect rate of control group was(29/49)52.9%,P0.
The Expression In situ of Transforming Growth Factor β_1 in Process of Induction Chemotherapy of Oral Cancer
Experience of Nursing Care about Nephropathy Syndrome
d like to ask about the process by which embryonic stem cells were created
We have investigated the electron-transfer properties of o-toluidine in 1 , 2-dichloroethane in different electrode with cyclic voltammetry.
Neonatal Sensitive Skin Adhesive Sensors
Methods: 250 cases with cholelithiasis were examined after conventional ultrasound and Computed Tomography,we compare the differences of two methods.
Clinical features were: (1) 22 cases were central lumbar intervertebral disc prolapse.
edge-to-edge occlusion; end-to-end occlusion
Acinetobacter baumannii is the major pathogen at present.It was found that the drug-resistant rate of Acinetobacter baumannii was on the rise year by year according to the results of antimicrobial susceptibility test.
EFFECT OF ANGELICA SINENSIS POLYSACCHARIDES ON LYMPHOCYTE PROLIFERATION AND INDUCTION OF IFN-γ
It was found that in coating compositions comprising an glycidyl - functional monomeric alkoxysilane as a reactive diluent , in addition to one or more of the catalysts mentioned above , also mercapto - functional catalysts can be used .
With the nitrates as raw material,five samples are prepared by the method of“citric acid complex”with the following composition[La(1-k)Srx□k-x]2CuO4(x=0.0,0. 05,0.1,0. 15,0.2,k =0. 025).The imperfect structures of a series of La-Sr-Cu-O A2BO4 type compounds have been worked out by polycrystalline X-ray diffractometry.There are vacancies at A、 B and O sites. These vacancies cause a partial change for the valence of Cu ions so that Cu(2+)and Cu(3+)coexist at the B site.Sr(2+)is dopen for sub...
blood ketone body concentration increases distinctly while daily milk yield is beyond 30kg, and those cows with daily milk yield beyond 30kg have been suffering from subclinical ketosis
Rat brain pathology after hypoxic-ischemic was observed by HE staining and,MMP-9 expression was detected by immunohistochemical.
Certain fine, solid particles are prepared by precipitation, as described in EP-A 1 029 018, and also in EP-A 1 321 182.
Myocardial Preservation Effects of Ranolazine on Myocardial Ischemia/Reperfusion Injury in Isolated Rat Hearts
According to the claimed process, the adhesion between the web and the surface of the tool used for the thermo-mechanical surface treatment, e.g. a roller or press, is reduced or eliminated by the application of an abhesive agent containing dicarboxylic acid esters-dialkylesters and/or esters of saturated and/or unsaturated C8-C18 fatty acids with multivalent alkanols with 3 to 6 carbon atoms and/or single or multiple unsaturated C16-C12 fatty acids as abhesive components.
Clinical observation on the results of trilogy containing furazolidone for eradication of Helicobactor pylori.
(5) he effect of genotype on regeneration: Leaves with different genotype needdifferent combination. In this experiment we have found that luo 6 gets85%when the concentration of BA is 6.0 mg/L and NAA is 0.2 mg/L.
ObjectiveTo explore the relationships between TNF-β gene polymorphism G252A and schizophrenia, mood disorders in the mixed pedigrees of Chinese Han population.
Objective To investigate the clinical effects of patients with cervical cord injury without fracture and dislocation.
Conclusion Small-dose 3-NPA pretreatment can inhibit the hippocampal neuronal apoptosis and p53 protein expression induced by acute seizures, so as to play a protective role for the hippocampal neurons
A system and method for regulating cooperatively the pressures and flows of input vessels such as both the portal vein and hepatic artery for the liver.
Effects of Titanium Supplementation on the Ruminal Digestive Metabolism of Goat
Selection of the Cotton RAPD Primers and Analysis of the Genetic Diversity of High Quality Materials
A histological investigation of the structure of the adrenals revealed signs of acute circulatory disturbances manifested in the dilatation and plethora of microcirculatory vessels, defatting of the cytoplasm of the cells of the cortex zona glomerulosa (Fig. 12, 14), predominant plethora of the zona reticularis (Fig. 13) and the cortex and interstitial oedema.
Results Among 20 patients, 18 were evaluable. The 1-, 3-, 5- year survival rate was 100%, 91.7% and 75% for stage Ⅰ~Ⅱ; 87.5%, 62.5% and 37.5% for stage Ⅲ, respectively.
Kinetic Studies of Transferrin Immunoreaction Using Piezoelectric Immunosensor
hydrolyze rhizoma Dioscoreae with acid, extracting with petroleum ether to give extract;
The product of the screened strain showed the typical infrared absorption spectra of HA
Morphological indexes such as stem diameter, plant height, petiole length in upper, middle and lower parts of cassava were measured and their relationship with the stem and leaf biomass were analyzed
Objective To analyze the clinical performance,diagnosis and treatment of jejunal diverticulum.
The study revealed that internalization occurs within 2 minutes, can be detected at concentration as low as 0.01μmol/L and is not altered by lowering the temperature to 0
the present invention relates to compounds and the synthesis of [F-18] labelled L-glutamic acid, [F-18] labelled L-glutamate,
Observed the incidence of RDS,incidence of complications,mechanical ventilation start time,duration of mechanical ventilation and oxygen therapy time of two groups within 24h.
Study of lipase immobilization on the DM-130 macroporous resin
Rapamycin inhibits growth and metastasis of gallbladder cancer GBC-SD cells
In order to observe the role of genetically modified Schwann cell (SC) with pSVP0Mcat in the regeneration of injured spinal cord, the cells were implanted into the spinal cord.
Gahl: We found that the gene was defective and we found that in three different families with this very, very unusual disorder
Method of preparing traditional Chinese medicine lotion for treating dystrophic type closed fracture
An ointment for curing bone arthropathy is a medicine for curing bone arthropathy, which overcomes the defects of other methods.
Advantageously, the invention provides the treatment paradigm of saving the patient without compromising limb salvage.
Medicament for treating multiple sclerosis symptoms
Therefore, a tooth germ is formed by the interaction between epithelial cells and mesenchymal cells.
Effects of indirubin-3′-monoxime on cell proliferation,apoptosis and cycle synchronization in rhesus monkey fibroblasts
Addition of CH can improve the texture properties of low-fat yoghurt.
Study on Resistant Aging of Nucleic Acid
[Objective] The basis of the lactic acid fermentation was laid.
Objective To compare pressure measuring method and enzymic method in detecting carbon dioxide in serum, analyse if there is significant difference in the two methods for determination of carbon dioxide in serum.
the xuebijing group was received traditional west medicine therapy and the other was received xuebijing except for the traditional west medicine therapy
it can be use for treating and prevent diabetes, vegetative nerve functional disturbance, cataract, kidney dysfunction, retina dysfunction, arthrosclerosis, atherosclerosis, diabetic gangrene, and diabetes complications.
The effects of ultrasonic wave on oil adsorption of alcohol precipitated soy protein concentrated
consequently, 50 percentbirths were attended by a nurse or midwife, 6 percent by a doctor or clinical officer and only 1 percent by a patient attendant.
Results There were 7 eyes(35%) of 20 eyes with sebaceous gland carcinoma of eyelid,6 eyes(30%) with squamous cell carcinoma of eyelid,3 eyes(15%) with melanoma of eyelid,3 eyes(15%)with retinoblastoma and 1 eye(5%)with palpebral basal cell carcinoma of eyelid.
Results The total effective rate of the control group was 64%, significantly lower than that in the observation group (92%), P<0.
one important aspect is that it reduces the occurrence of infections.
Methods: The rats model with precancerous lesions of gastric cancer was established by MNNG, and 90 rats were randomized into experimental group, model group and control group.Animals in model group were fed with common diets, the experimental group were fed with an enteral diet supplemented with immunonutrition formula (120 ml/\[kg\5d\]).
Objective To observe the effects of etomidate on isolated rabbit pulmonary and aortic artery rings before and after LPS incubation,and provide evidence for narcotic choice of clinic septic shock.
the Chinese medicine can be use for treating rhinitis, especially for nasal obstruction of chronic rhinitis.
At the same pH value, enzyme activity was the highest with citric acid- citric acid Na buffer.
some of the nucleoside triphosphate precursors to be incorporated into the rca amplification product 170,230, 250,330, 410 may be tagged with one or more raman labels to facilitate their detection, identification and / or quantification.
rare inherited disease of the central nervous system characterized by progressive dementia, abnormal posture, and involuntary movements. The typical age of onset is between 30 and 50 years.Also called (Huntington's disease
Objective To evaluate the hearing and balance function in patients with diabetes and further find out the relationship between them.
In this paper,the characteristics of population change of L. dispar fed with damaged bamboo’s leaves had been studied.
The genetic analysis indicated that the sterility of "3213A" can be used to produce hybrid seeds by three-line method
it is then filtered, washed with water, dried and is charged to reaction flask containing acetonitrile.
Results Reasons can be founded in 42 cases.The reasons of 40 cases are corresponded with the surgical、pathologic findings or Conservative therapy.There were 10 cases that we could not find any reason from MSCT images.
Objective To establish albumin cobalt-binding(ACB) test for ischemia- modified albumin (IMA) detection;
such antisense oligonucleotide, which may be deoxyribonucleotide or ribonucleotide sequences, simply contain any structural modification which sterically hinder or prevents binding of RNase H to a duplex molecule containing that oligonucleotide as one memb thereof, which structural modification does not substantially hinder or disrupt duplex formation.
The method established in this study could rapidly detected rfbE gene and visualize the result.The rfbE-LAMP is easy to operate and has high sensitivity and specificity and thus has great application value in basic research laboratories,emergent detection and spot detection.
Experimental Studies of Gene Therapy after Transient Focal Cerebral Ischemia in Rats
Finally, reversion trial and drug resistance experiment were carried out to L-forms. Results In research group, of total 60 cases, culture positive rate of Mycobacterium tuberculosis was 23.4% (14 cases), and that of L-forms was 48.3% (29 cases), the difference was quite notable ( x2=7.95, P<0.005).
PRELIMINARY REPORT ON THE BREEDING OF TMV-RESISTANT TOMATO STRAINS WITH LINKED GENES OF TOMATO TM~(-2nv)
Influence of blood transfusion on cell adhesion characteristic of plasma
Fluorescence activated cell sorting was used to measure the proliferation (CFSE), apoptosis of T cells(PE CD3, FITC annexin) and cell cycle(PI
Mechanism of Hg(Ⅱ) biosorption by saccharomyces cerevisiae
the N-terminal methionine is an artifact encode by that mRNA translational" start" signal AUG which,
Patients with COPD have decreased exercise capacity and low oxygen consumption (Vo(2)) during formal cardiopulmonary exercise testing, and lower scores on health-related quality of life questionnaires
Prevent Broiler Ascites Syndrome with traditional chinese Medicine Prescription Yunyinling
Results: Subjective quality of life was positively correlated with age, somatic symptoms, and quality of sleep, and negatively correlated with depression scores
Analysis on the factors related to insulin resistance and islet β cell secretory function in subjects with normal glucose tolerance
in that inventive adhesive composition, the allylated amide compound, and vinyl compounds if used in combination with the allylated amide compound, will be present in the curable package adhesive compositions in an amount from 2 to 98 weight percent based on the organic components present ( excluding any fillers ).
Therefore, for example, inhibition of the PCR reaction due to the components in the sample can be reduced and thus the amplification efficiency may be increased.
in a 2nd stage, a homogeneou reaction mixture obtained in that 1st stage is react in the presence of at least one base selected from the group comprising sodium hydroxide, potassium hydroxide and methylamine, and in the presence of toluene, 1-dodecene or xylene as the water-insoluble organic solvent, at the boiling point of the reaction mixture and at a pressure of between 900 and 1100 hPa, all or almost all of the wat and ethanol and optionally part of the water-insoluble organic solvent being distilled off;
Crossover Operators in Genetic Placement
It is health food for thorough colon cleansing, and remarkable in promoting bowel movements to effectively remove stubborn stool, body toxins and other harmful wastes in the digestive system
Also disclosed is a new pigment composition consisting of the inventive beta quinacridone pigment and a carbazole dioxazine pigment.
G5 (5μg/kg) dramatically reduced PD in the distal and middle thirds of the esophagus, but didn't alter that in the proximal esophagus.
Changes of serum interleukin-1 beta and interleukin-8 in pulmonary injury rats induced by lipopolysaccharide and the interventional effects of low-dose cyclophosphamide
in ord to increase that reverse cleavage stability and to reduce the propensity for by-products to be for and/or for the free NCO groups to react further, in the course of product storage, for example.
The stretching conformation and strong adsorption capacity of CFI molecules are beneficial to control crystal morphology.
The pulmonary IL-17 mRNA expression was detected by RT-PCR and the IL-17 protein expression by Western blot.Immunohistochemical staining was used to examine the location of IL-17 in mouse pulmonary tissues.Results The RVSP and RV/(LV+S)were much higher in hypoxia-induced groups than in control group(P<0.
The epitope analysis of HLA antibody in sensitized renal transplant recipients
Results The numbers of times of eyeball deviation,wrong eyeball movement and active eyeball movement,as well as incidence rate of intraoperative complications in the observation group were significantly lower than those in the control group;operation time was significantly shorter in the observation group(P<0.05,P<0.01).
Study on Tribological Properties of Hydroxyl Silicate in Aqueous Solution
Then, the resulting solution is stirred under the conditions of a temperature of room temperature to reflux temperature for about 1 to 48 hours, whereby the corresponding ligand precursor is obtained in a high yield.
Effects of Lanthanum-Exposure on β Ⅲ-Tubulin and Proliferation of Olfactory Sensory Neurons in Offspring Rats
with a short duration of action and which may be free of complexing proteins.
in another embodiment of that present invention, the expression and purification of a polypeptide is obtain by producing a fusion protein have the cleavage site for a caspase
β-globin gene
The surface 370 is individualized for a specific patient, and is a substantially matching surface of the bone surface and conforms to that bone surface
The study of extraction and location of embedded supernumerary teeth in maxillary anterior in children
Red blood cells (RBCs) survive for about 4 months under conditions of turbulent flow in the body without protein synthesis.
Methods Sixty healthy SD rats were randomized into normal group,DN group,benazepril group,benazepril+Xueshuantong group.
Results The rates of pleural thickening were 2.9% in the study group and 22.9% in the control group (P < 0.05
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation
The suspension was filtered through a pad of silica gel , washed with CH2C12 .
Surgical treatment of primary malignant tumors of the inferior vena cava extending into right atrium
Synchronization of repetitive therapeutic interventions
sections were stained with 1 % uranyl acetate and / or lead citrate and were photographed in a Jeol 100CX transmission electron microscope ( see Figure 2 ) .
Strains belonging to clustersⅠwith weak virulence were mainly isolated from japonica rice,while strains of cluster Ⅳ with strong virulence were mainly isolated from indica rice.
in situ detection may be accomplish by removing a histological specimen from a patient, and apply thereto a labeled antibody of that present invention.
The results showed that the adsorption of Ni2+ on sepiolite came to the balance in short time,and this adsorption was strongly affected by pH and ionic strength of reaction medium according to the following patterns: Ni2+ ions were adsorbed on sepiolite by outer complexation and ion exchange in acidic mediums;while,under alkaline conditions,the adsorption mechanism was changed into inner complexation.
Advance in the diagnosis and treatment of systemic mycotic infection
[Methods]226 patients with functional dyspepsia were randomly divided into treatment and control groups were given mixture of traditional Chinese medicine Dampness Mixture Qingwei,domperidone treatment two weeks after treatment,the efficacy comparison.
Conclusion Tropisetron can inhibit the up-regulated 5-HT3 receptor in the brain tissues of mice induced by sevoflurane,the mechanism may be related to tropisetron blocking the compensatory increase of 5-HT3 receptor because of the high-level 5-HT induced by sevoflurane in mice.
Study on the Particle States of Al2O3-13%（w）TiO2 Coatings by Plasma Spraying
Two transplants failed and had to be removed, one because of a blood clot and the other because of infection.
the present invention relate to a therapeutic combination of anti-cancer compounds which
survivin-derived peptide and use thereof
Te total effective rate was 90. 6%,In controlgroup 7 eyes were excellent,16 ones effective,and,9 ones ineffective.
pest controlling agent comprising the ester compound according to claim 1 as an active ingredient
A type of secondary structure of proteins in which several parallel polypeptide chains are cross-linked by intermolecular hydrogen bonds, resulting in a flexible, strong arrangement.Also called (pleated sheet)
significant difference exist in that incidences of gallbladder displacement between the group of cirrhosis due to schistosomiasis and other two group
Conclusion:Splenectomy and epigastric blood vessel ligation are effective treatment for PPH.
Research Progress in Effect of Hysterectomy on Ovarian Function
STUDIES ON THE FUNCTION OF SER~(579)AND ARG~(580)IN β-SUBUNIT OF PENICILLIN G ACYLASE WITH THE METHOD OF SITE-SPECIFIC MUTAGENESIS
Stretches soft tissue eg. muscle which will improve range of movement.
METHODS: The effect of OLDL on nitric oxide (NO) release from EC and intercellular adhesion molecule-1 (ICAM-1) expression on EC surface were studied, and the protective effects of Angelica Sinensis on normal and abnormal EC were investigated using cultured EC with or without OLDL and immunocytochemical staining technique.
Study on Microbial Degradation of Biomass Gasification Wastewater after Coagulation and Adsorption
Study of Nitrogen Effect on the Growth of Diamond Films
Objects To investigate the value of high resolution MRI(HRMRI)in evaluating middle cerebral artery(MCA) symptomatic stenosis.
Changes of Plasma Adhesion Molecule Levels of Coronary Circulation in Patient with Acute Coronary Syndrome
Conclusion The plasma BNP and serum SOD,IL-2 levels were well correlated to the development and progression of CHF.
In Vitro Association of Plasmid pAy6. 8 With Nuclear Matrix of the Fertilized Eggs of Bombyx mori
the same composition without that tartaric acid exhibit no discoloration after six week at 40 C and more importantly, exhibit no discoloration after 13 weeks storage at 40 C
There also had discrepances between Judestar and Granny Smith.In general,the balance regulation of ZT,GA3,IAA and ABA is the pivotal factor which affects setting single fruit.
then extracting pueraria root, tendrilled fritillary bulb and peuce danum root in alcohol, decocting their dregs along with arctium fruit, isatis root and platycodon root in water,
such as calcium, potassium, and magnesium to be administer to that patient
Holding the Venous Outflow Component away from the incision sites, use heavy duty scissors to cut off the silicone Luer and Y-adapter assembly.
EXPRESSION OF HEPATOCYTE GROWTH FACTOR mRNA IN DIFFERENT ORGANS OF
The Effect of Sulfotanshinone Sodium Injection on Inflammatory Factor and Endothelial Cell Function in Patients with Cardiac Syndrome X
The term "gelling material," when used herein for purposes of the specification and claims, means a solvent-miscible material that, when present in a composition comprising a solvent and a gelling material, forms a matrix upon solvent-subcutaneous fluid exchange, that is, solvent-subcutaneous patient fluid exchange.
what is needed is an improved device and method for simultaneously treating different diseases or conditions.
tooth position and provoking factors were analyzed retrospectively. Meanwhile, we followed up patients for one and three years after treatment, examining the tooth and periodontal condition, the tooth loosing extent, chewing function, X-ray and etc. Based on the aforementioned data, we made medium and long term appraisal for the curative effect of Bond and Replant therapy.
2. Analyse the genotype of the target genes using PCR.
In the current study, we also investigated the tissue-specific expression of StAR mRNA in the term fetal sheep
R1 is selected from H, OH, CH2OH, CH(CH3)OH, glycidyl, CH(OH)CH2OH, and (C3-C12)polyol residues;
③experimental group 2: 1 g/kg of the CLPI ④ experimental group 3: 2 g/kg of the CLP.
Methods 200 inpatients’ casese using PPIs for injection were randomly chosen and statistically analyzised by considering indications,dosage,periods of treatment and drug interactions.
This experiment in vestigated the effects on the PH value Ciliate reproduction of Contents in Calves rumen and the ruminant rules by inoculating the ruminated feed to new born calves, Results showed as followi no significant changes of PH Value exsisted between the groups;
it is demonstrated that the rate of eliminating hp was treatment group " " s 96
The composition comprises a compound containing a polymerizable unsaturated bond and giving a homopolymer having a glass transition temperature for 0 to 100 deg., a compound which has an unsaturated bond and is copolymerizable with the compound, a compound having at least one cationically polymerizable group per molecule, a polymerization catalyst which upon irradiation with light initiates the polymerization of the compounds and, and a cationic polymerization catalyst whith upon irradiation with light initiates the cationic polymerization of the compound at the cationically polymerizable group(s).
All of 5cases with postoperative pathologic examination results suggest upper urinary tract tumor grade I(Ta-G1),regular postoperative bladder perfusion chemotherapy drugs;and no cancer that has spread to the other parts and other complications occurred.
it has been found that that foil as a whole has optically refractive characteristic upon incidence of electromagnetic waves thereon,
injections were 100 AL made subcutaneously between the shoulders on the backs of the mice .
Objective:To summarize the clinical experience of Wang Canhui in treating peri-menopause syndrome by using Erxian Decoction.
u. s. patent 4,752, 628 discloses a polishing composition consisting of finely divided inorganic abrasive, a biocide, carboxylic acid dispersant polymer, carboxylic acid polymer thickener, corrosion inhibitor, and optionally a lubricant.
Cloning and Protein Property Analysis of ORF Ⅵ Gene of Strawberry Vein Banding Virus(SVBV)
When bi-support was pretreated with MAO, interactions between methylaluminoxane, MgCl_2·nTHF and silicon hydroxyl in bi-support led to a new structure
which is an advantage as some preservatives can be associated with bronchoconstrictor effects - the opposite effect to that required by the formulation.
Effects of Exogenous GA_3 on Germination and Seedling Growth of Salicornia Bigelovii Torr.Under NaCl Stress
it can lessen that pale and degeneration of injure sciatic nerve and corresponding neuron, decrease the death of neurons, promote nerve regeneration.
isolation and characterization of EFNB2 Gene in porcine
is prepare by performing extraction for 0. 1-10g bake bean curd residue with 1L water; and adding water soluble plant fib such as 0. 1-20% cellulose, chitin, glucomannan, alginic acid, resistant starch, and indigestible oligosaccharide into that extractive solution.
Effect of Inhibiting Survivin Expression with Antisense Oligodeoxynucleotides on Sensitivity of Hepatocellular Carcinoma Cell Lines HepG2 and HepG2/ADM to Adriamycin
pulsing the seed can also increase the effective linewidth of the seed laser to reduce stimulated brillouin scattering ( sbs ).
Objective To evaluate the applicability of Transcranial Doppler(TCD) monitoring in brain protection in the process of aortic dissection surgical procedure.
32 rats were randomly assigned to control group(n=8), 0.5h after shock group(n=8) and 3h after shock group(n=8) and 5h after shock group(n=8).
Preferably, detection of PP2A gene expression is performed using reverse transcription quantitative polymerase chain reaction.
Methods Serum sIgE of humulus and chenopodium was measured with BSA ELISA in 62 cases with asthma and 30 healthy controls,and the results were compared with that of ID.
Nursing of Leiomgoma of Stomach during Pereoperation Period
The main content in this paper includes, (1) the sophisticated synthetic method of silicone grafted with methyl methacrylate and long chain alkyl acrylate was obtained
The Study on the Relationship of Locus of Control, Emotion and Coping Styles Among High Vocational Colleges
the amorphous callus that adhere to that Kimwipe was subsequently removed from the Kimwipe use a sterilized spatula, and resuspended in fresh liquid culture medium.
(ii) wherein the ratio of the equivalents of the total amine hydrogens in the composition to the equivalents of the total epoxies in the composition is greater than or equal to about 1;
Study of microwave treatment for anastomotic stoma straitness after carcinoma of esophagus operation
Synthesis of 1-(1H-1,2,4-triazolyl) -1-cycloalkyl-(sub)phenylmethanol
Association Between Helicobacter Pylori Infection,p16 Gene Methylation and Gastric Cancer
Reactive oxygen species(ROS), including superoxide anion free radical(2O?·), H2O2, reduced glutathione(GSH) and ascorbate(ASA) content, were measured, as were the activities of superoxide dismutase(SOD), catalase(CAT), glutathione reductase(GR) and ascorbate peroxidase(APX).
in total, females comprise 29% of hiv/aids cases in albania.
instant reconstruction of tongue defect with vascularize free flap after radical tongue canc resection and its clinical evaluation
Mature toxin is composed of the light chain and heavy chain linked by a disulphide bond
Also includes Benin, Burkina Faso, Burundi, Central African Republic, Comoros, Eritrea, The Gambia, Guinea, Guinea-Bissau, Liberia, Madagascar, Malawi, Mali, Niger, Rwanda, São Tom¨¦ and Principe, Sierra Leone, Togo, and Zimbabwe.
For H2S sorption in nature gas, TML will absorb/adsorb 0. 25 mol H2S/mol TMGL
The germinated plant seed is used as receptor. The agrobacterium Ti plasmid carrying foreign gene fragment is used as gene donor.
such as for that bile duct and vascular bypass.
Correlation of implanted TIVAP depth with the age,body height and weight of patients was analyzed and a regression equation was formulated.
Clinical features and possible etiology of cryptogenic cirrhosis in Xinjiang
The preliminary fungicidal activity results showed that the title compounds exhibited certain fungicidal activities. For example, the compound 6h showed 87. 9% and 93. 0% fungicidal activity against Sclerotonia sclerotiorum and Botrytis cinerea, respectively, at 25 mg/L
Polyether polyols may be amine-initiated, such as ethylene diamine-initiated, or may be initiated with poly(hydroxyl) compounds such as sugars (for example sucrose), glycerine, and trimethylolpropane.
Methods: The OVX rats were used as a model. Hippocampus of OVX rats was removed from the rat brains on 1w, 2w, 3w, 4w and 8w after the ovariectomy, respectively, and the phosphorylation of tau protein was measured by Western blotting
The average good quality embryo rate of pre-freeing and post-thawing were 59.2%(166/280)and 40.3%(113/280)respectively. There was significant difference between two groups (P<0.05).
Comparative study on antioxidant activities of 40 fruits and vegetables by different methods
Results Among the 121 aneurysms, 100%occlusion was reached in 53 aneurysms (43.8%), 95%in 27(22.3%), 90%in 16(13.2%), 80%in 15(12.4%), and less than 80%in 10(8.3%) respectively.
establishment and identification of a dendritic cell sarcoma cell line ( dcs): ii functional phenotype
synthesis and Properties of Poly ( aryl ether ether ketone ketone ) contain meta-Phenyl links
preferably the parenteral formulation is administered in a single administration,
siloxane and silicone di me hydrogen reaction product with polyethylene - polyethylene - polypropylene glycol
[Objective] The purpose was to study the effects of different fertilization on yield of Macadamia.
Venous blood for the determination of 5-ASA and Ac-5-ASA was sampled at the following time points during the study period:
for example , aspartame , acesulfame salts , saccharins , cyclamates , sucralose , alitame , neotame , steviosides , glycyrrhizin , Lo Han Guo , neohesperidin dihydrochalcone , monatin , monellin , thaumatin , brazzein , tagatose , and erythritol .
Objective:Analyze the clinical value of peripheral vascular ultrasound diagnosis of arteriovenous fistula.
About 20 neutral phytase-producing strains out of natural soil were screened.A new strain phy7 was isolated.
in a preferred variant of that novel proces, one or more amine compounds, in particular one or more hydroxylamine compound or hydrazine compounds, are added in the lime, in addition to the organic electrolytes describe above
A microfluidic chip capable of integrating on-line electrophoretic preconcentration with electrophoretic separation of protein
the 40Hz auditory steady state technology is different from other auditory evoked potentials, the major advantage thereof is that the rhythm of the stimulus is synchronous with the position of the wave peak of auditory middle latency, thus forming the resonance effect, improving the signal intensity and regularity, allowing the extraction of the evoked potential to be easier and strengthening the probability of the clinical practical application of the evoked potential technology.
Integrative Therapy Combined with Intervention Therapy for Liver Metastases from Gastrointestinal Carcinoma
Based on the morphological information provided by scanning electron microscopy,transmission electron microscopy,and selected area electron diffraction,a growth mechanism for the formation of flower-like ZnO nanostructures is suggested.
Hybridization of an mRNA with the probe indicates that the marker in question is being expressed.
unfortunately, data on gender differentials, and also on the quality of life of minority communities, ethic and racial groups, disabled or even the poorest quintile of the population, are seldom available in most countries.
Acute osteomyelitis of forearm
Effect of heat shock treatment on the apoptosis of gastric adenocarcinoma cells induced by TNF-α
Interferon(IFN) plus ribavirin(RBV) is recognized as an effective treatment regimen for chronic hepatitis C(CHC).However,thyroid dysfunction is also a side effect of antiviral treatment with IFN.
Methods From March 1998 to June 2004, 117 cervical spondylotic patients who received anterior fusion surgery were reviewed
in ord to establish that immunoassay for insecticides of pyrethroid, hapten has been synthesized from chrysanthemumcarboxylic acid via chloridization, esterification and oxidation. the structure of the product was determined by IR, 1HNMR and MS analysis
Content of mRNA was analyzed by Real-time PCR,4-coumarate acid content by GC-MS and qualitative analysis of lignin by chemistry analysis procedure.
Study the relationship between hyperhomocysteinemia and type 2 diabetes patients with cerebral infarction and its influencing factors
From -, the results of four patients with abdominal aortic aneurysm treated surgically with Crowford's Technique were reported.
A Study of Quantitative Assessment of Hepatic Fibrosis by Using Computer - assisted Digital Image Analysis
At baseline and at the end of the period of treatment we had detected carotid intima-media thickness by carotid ultrasound,simultaneously detected adipokines and inflammatory factors level.
by adjusting the size of both the liposome nanoparticle and the pores of the polymer matrix,
it is also known that statin which are in that lactone form, e. g. lovastatin and simvastatin,
Conclusion Improved tracheotomy mask can be used for track humidification after tracheotomy
In Ann Arbor system, stages I, II, III, and IV of adult NHL are subdivided into A and B categories depending on whether the patient has well-defined generalized symptoms (B) or not (A).
Relation between homocysteine and angiopathy in type 2 diabetes mellitus
testicle specificity protein 50 gene expression regulator screen system
The organic extract was dried over Na2SO4, filtered and evaporated under vacuum.
Using these PCRs, positive amplifications were obtained with serotypes 1, 2, 5, 6, 7, 9 of APP reference strains.
Conclusion:The anti-inflammatory and analgesic actions of different fractions extracted from Vitex negundo leaves have differences.The ethyl acetate fractions have significantly anti-inflammatory effect and analgesic actions.
2.Parameter of mitochondria respiratory control in the presence of Succinate (S): Respiratory rate of state 4 (Rate 4), Respiratory rate of state 3 (Rate 3),Respiratory control rate (RCR) and P/O.
Objective To explore the correlation between body reproductive hormone level and abnormal uterine bleeding after drug abortion.
Patients layer in the way specified by the substeps below
Objective To study the mentality affection of the health education to cases of the neck of femur fracture
Methods Sixteen rabbits were randomly divided into 2 groups, which were subjected to balloon endothelial denudation with normal diet (n=8) or with hypercholesterol diet group (n=8).
the radical, which are that product of the dissociation, form nucleation sites, further radical are rearranged to form crystals at the surface around the nucleation sites
Bile-jejunum anastomiosis in porta hepatic for calculi of intrahepatic duct
When the thickness of periodontal membranes was between 0.1 mm and 0.4 mm, the stress of the alveolar bones surface reduced with the increase of the thickness of periodontal membranes, and there was a non linear relationship.
Sphingomonas , Burkholderia , Desulfomonas , Geospirillum , Succinomonas , Aeromonas ,
primary rat osteoblasts prepared as described above were seeded in 6-well tissue culture plates at an initial density of 5 x 104 cells / ml in mem 5 % fcs, and grown to 80-90 % confluence.
The lung morphological examination was performed with HE staining.Glutathione and malondialdehyde were measured in lung homogenates and Nrf2 expression were determined with western blot.
Improve patient satisfaction and lower costs
Protective effect of naoxintong capsule on the brain and heart of heavy-loaded mice swimming in cold water
Compositions of polyamides obtained by reactions forming a carboxylic amide link in the main chain (of polyhydrazides C08L 79/06; of polyamide-imides or polyamide acids C08L 79/08); Compositions of derivatives of such polymers
Deep temperature of different parts of breast was measured with a special thermometer.
Stereotactic radiotherapy for hepatocellular carcinoma with portal tumor thrombi
Objective:Transcatheter closure patent foramen ovale(PFO) to prevent brain embolism and to evaluate its efficacy contradictions.
Analysis on Burden of Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease in Rural Kunming
Methods Anti-HBs,anti-HBc,HBeAg,anti-HBe tests were carried out in 962 HBsAg negative candidates.
This research used a single chamber microbial electrolysis cell(MEC)as the reactor to treat the pretreated fermentation effluent rich in acetic acid to produce hydrogen.The accumulated acetic acid was chosen as the main electron donor,with carbon cloth as the anode and the stainless steel wire mesh coated with Ni nanoparticles as the catalyst.
The results showed that the crystal size of the nucleated iPP appeared much smaller than that of iPP without nucleating agents and its crystallization morphologies depended on the ratio of α NA to β NA.
REPLICATION-COMPETENT RETROVIRUS DETECTION IN GENE THERAPY STUDY
include identifying an index and a magnitude of a lar correlation peak of that correlation peaks,
integrate treatment for azoospermia caused by radiotherapy aft surgical treatment of spermatocytoma: a case report
Determination of Bergamot lactone and Isopimpinellin in Cnidium monnieri by HPLC-DAD
guide catheter 13 is than advanced through the introducer until distal end 42 is positioned with distal port 45 at a region of a cervical vessel 50, thereby providing transluminal access to the cervical vascular tree as shown in fig. 7.
one of the following: guaiac, 2-2'-azino-bis(3-ethyl-benthiazoline-6-sulfonic acid), tetramethylbenzidine, phenol, 4-aminoantipyrine, and 4,5-dihydroxynaphthalene-2,7-disulfonic acid.
The result showed that fluorescence of these compounds decreased intensively but β values increased when alkyl was replaced with aryl at pyridine N atom.
Properties and Structures of Hetero Macrocyclic Compounds with Side Substitute of Halogen and Trihalomethyl
The effect of PMN adhesion mediated by CD11b/CD18 on the increasing permeability of microvascular endothelial monolayer after severe burn injury
It is the second leading cause of death among men who die from neoplasia with an estimated 40,000 deaths per year.
Then HUVEC were cultured with Hcy at different concentrations(0,10,30,100 and 300μmol/L),with or without FA(100μmol/L)for 72 hours. The mRNA and protein levels of endothelial nitric oxide synthase(eNOS)were analyzed by RT-PCR and immunohistochemistry respectively.
However, when detection of a nucleic acid as in Example 1 is intended, very high glucose concentration may be used in the method of the present invention, in order to 'saturate' the enzyme, or in other words, very high glucose oxidation rate may be used, to have sufficient sensitivity.
Neither a 1 000_fold ratio of Co(II) nor a 10 000_fold radio of Pb(II),Cd(II),Cu(II),Fe(III),Zn(II),As(III),In(III), Ni(II) to Tl(I) interfere in the determination.
The results showed that the correlation among stomata conductance, intercellular CO2 concentration, transpiration rate and the net photosynthesis rate was highly significantly positive;
laryngeal edema induce by intravenous infusion of levofloxacin
Objective To explore the relationship between the integrin (INT) -focal adhesion kinase (FAK) signal pathway and invasiveness of pituitary adenomas.
The patients were followed-up for 1 to 3 years.
The scores of emotional stability and neuroticism in Eysenck personality que stionnaire were obviously higher in the patient group (60.27±8.25,53.76±8.86) than in the healthy control group (51.26±12.15,48.91±5.23) (t=3.47, 2.78, P< 0. 01
If-the vector is integrated into the host cell chromosome ,
Research on vertebral artery 2D PC scan methods
The part of this process in which compound (7) is prepared is known as an asymmetric (transfer) hydrogenation process, wherein an enantiomerically enriched compound (7) is prepared by using a chiral transition metal catalyst comprising at least an enantiomerically enriched ligand to ensure that the double bond of a prochiral compound (compound (6) in this particular process) is asymmetrically reduced through hydrogen transfer with a hydrogen-donating organic compound (hereby defined as the hydrogen donor).
comprising contacting the carcinoma with an artemisinin-related compound in an amount sufficient to kill or inhibit growth of carcinoma cells.
A series of PB-g-SAN copolymer(ABS) were synthesized by grafting styrene and acrylonitrile onto polybutadiene(PB) latex rubber particles with seeded emulsion polymerization technique.
Lysosomal β-N-acetyl-D-hexosaminidase(EC 3. 2. 1. 52) catalyzes the release of N-acetyl-D-hexosamine from glycoconjugates,playing important roles in insect growth and development.
POSTTRAUMATIC BRAIN INJURY CHANGES OF SOD AND MDA CONCERNTRATION IN SD RAT BRAIN TISSUE
Purpose: Our study included three aspects: 1) To determine the optimal biphasic bolus rate based on automated table movement and bolus-chase technique for aortoiliac and lower extremity arteries of contrast-enhanced magnetic resonance angiography.
They're waiting for the surgical path
IC50 for 0.107mg/ml and hawthorn extracting solution(15g.kg -1) both can ascend SOD active, obviously reduce MDA content(ρextracting solution can eliminate O - 2 free radical obviously
In the case of application to solar cells, a substance that can effectively absorb light having a wavelength of 300 to 900 nm near visible light, e.g., a ruthenium complex, is used as a photosensitizing dye.
Conclusion Across the midline prerenal fasciae (or prerenal fascial plane) may have part connection below the renal hila plane, but not above it
On the observation group,35 patients were treated with micro-implant treatment method for the control group of 35 patients without micro-implantsupported treatment,observed two groups of patients with clinical effect.
The scores obtained are summarized in Table 3 below and demonstrate the reduced effect of the chemical conjugate on animal behavior as compared with perphenazine .
1. To study the expression of the G250/MN/CAIX (G250) gene in renal cell carcinoma(RCC) and evaluate its role as a tumor biomarker.
characterized in that the glucan is obtained by separating from radix astragali.
or proteins or peptides which can be analyzed to obtain structure/function information
Methods A total of 1,313 subjects were grouped according to their stages in the measles vaccination(MV)strategies.The history of measles immunization and illness was collected and sera were sampled for quantitative detection of measles IgG antibody.
Results The biological activity of rhIL-2 in the recominbinant retrovirus supernants was meanly(244±52) U/ml. The nude mice injected with IL-2 gene engineered RCC cells had no tumor growth.
High Throughput Screening Methods Used to Identify Differentially Regulated Genes
The I 3 and K 3 plasmids from MDV strain GA genomic Bam HI library were digested with double enzyme so that a 2.8 kb Sal Ⅰ Bam HI fragment and a 1.1 kb Bam HI Eco RI fragment were obtained. A recombinant plasmid containing the gB gene of MDV was constructed by orientation cloning the two fragments into vector pUR222. In order to manipulate gene easily and expresstion effectively, a pair of primers with enzyme sites were designed.
Di-N-m-acetylenephenylphthtalimide-ether(DAIE) was synthesized with N-amino-phenylacetylene(APA) and 4,4'-oxy-di-phthalicanhydride(ODPA), in the presence of acetone solvent and the productivity was 73.8%, which was purified with the admixture solvent of acetone and dimethyl formamide(DMF). The purified DAIE was characterized by means of FT-1R, 1H-NMR, MS and element analysis.
Sixty patients (M 27, F 33; age 52 ± 15a) with lower respiratory tract infections and urinary tract infections received isepamicin 0.4-0.8g in 2 divided doses daily in- travenously or intramuscularly for 9 ± 3 d.
Result:Except one implant fails after treatement 2 weeks,the others have good stability.The methods significantly decreased PLI、SBI and PD.X-ray showed bone didn’t loss.
wherein the distance from at least one phosphor atom to at least one phosphor atom of a neighbouring nucleotide,
study of that influence of ginsenoside Rb1 on apoptosis of primary culture neonate rat cerebral cortical neurons cause by hypoxia
A Study in the Total Synthesis of 8’, 8’’-Demethyl Manassantin-8
Objective To investigate the clinical features and treatment of intermediate syndrome of acute organophosphate poisoning(IMS
56. The method of claim 52, wherein the kinase is a receptor tyrosine kinase.
Ultracentrifugation analysis of the DNA showed a major peak ( 26S ) and a minor peak ( 9.7S ) .
Ethanol and heptane were evaporated from the obtained suspension with a rotary evaporator to obtain 9.32 g of a white solid.
fitting for diabetic patient.
The membranous sac filled with urografin was applied to produce an animal model of chronic spinal cord compression (L 2
Results]Critical values of TSH of dried blood sample were 20 μIU/ml, 15 μIU/ml, 8.2 μIU/ml respectively. Their sensitivity of diagnosis on CH were 92.1%, 100%, 100% respectively
Conclusion ATRA could induce apoptosis in human osteosarcoma cells in a time-and dose-dependent manner.
Results showed that the positive rates of P. gingivalis of these groups were relatively 28. 6%,45.3%,and 67. 2%,sharing a statistically significant difference(P<0.05).
Synthesis of Six(-2-oxa-3-oxo) Butylmelamine
Conclusion Treating patients with displaced midshaft clavicular fractures with common reconstruction plate could receive satisfactory results.It may not be appropriate to treat a displaced midshaft clavicular fracture with a straight locking reconstruction plate,particularly a simple one.
16 cases who were single amniotic double foetuses were checked as special deformity,one of them was conjoined mindless twins,6 of them were acardia,9 of them were twin blood transfusion syndrome after clinical confirm.There 2 cases of acardia were missed diagnosis.
the prim set and that reagent kit of the invention is capable of detecting the J subgroup fowl leukemia virus gene with a high efficiency and a high specificity, and complete an amplification reaction in a lack 1h
the --X group may comprise a low molecular weight chemical entity, or oligomeric, or polymeric entity provide product or process adde value/differentiation.
Compared with convalescence,IL-2 level in the observed group decreased,levels of IL-6,hs-CRP,C3 increased(P<0.01).
Objective:To investigate the influence of diammonium glycyrrhizinate for hepatocytes transdifferentiate to myofibroblast on secondary cholestatic hepatic fibrosis rats.
Recorded the operation time, bleed, union time, complication, function of knee
Clinical significance of plasma fibrinogen in patients with malignant tumor
in some embodiment hereof, that cells use in practicing the invention are human cells expressing an endogenous factor VII gene.
Study on Sox Genes in Alligator Sinensis and Trionyx Sinensis
Using RT-PCR/Southern blot to detect AFP mRNA in the peripheral blood of patients with hepatocellulav carcinoma
the inventor also successfully obtain the microorganism capable of produce the copolymer consist of 3 - hydroxy - 4 - phenylbutyric acid ( 3hpb) and 3 - hydroxy - 6 - phenylhexanoic acid ( 3hphx) unit express by formula ( 10) and ( 11) when culture in a culture medium contain 6 - phenylhexanoic acid ( phxa), express by formula ( 21), and yeast extract
mixing p-aminophenol and acetic acid at the mass ratio of 1:4-1:8,
Regulating effect of fructus schisandrae polysaccharide on tumor growth and immune function of H22 vaccination mice
After 6 months of treatment, there was a clear trend towards increased survival and insulin sensitivity.
the preparation method comprise adding sieve flour into mixer, adding syrup, peanut oil, lye water, white lotus see stuffing, red lotus seed stuffing, minced pear stuffing, coffee stuffing, corn, sunflower seed, and egg, making dough, making wrapper
CONCLUSION Ganoderma lucidum polysaccharides combined with metformin shows protective effect on the thoracic aorta endothelium in diabetic rats.The mechanism may be involved in decreasing the level of MDA in serum,enhancing the levels of NO and SOD.
HSP27 is one of small heat stress proteins,which can not only protect cells from all kinds of injuries but also take part in the proliferation,differentiation and apoptosis of cells.
7.Which combinations of histones form“histone-fold”dimers with each other in the nucleosome?
in situ expression of intercellular adhesion molecule-1in human glomerulonephritis
Clinical Analysis of Surgical Treatment for 35 Cases with Diabetic Foot
Objective To investigate the feasibility of application of Montreal Cognitive Assessment Scale(MoCA) chinese version to the assessment of global cognition in the patients with vascular mild cognitive impairment(vMCI).
(1990) described a 26 week repeat dose toxicity study in rats.
For the mesuration of the copper contents in the Stannum based alloy by means of BCO light-intensity method, the test sample shall be dissolved with hydrochloric acid and nitric acid, and in the basic solvent, BCO and cupric ion generated into blue complex, t
Five 4-methyl coumarin derivatives were synthesized through Pechmann reaction catalyzed by TsOH with substituted phenols and ethyl acetoacetate as raw materials.The structures of the target products were characterized by 1H NMR and IR,the characteristic properties of UV absorption and fluorescence emission spectra were determined.
Co nclusion This result indicates that the liver is injured during ischemi a/reperfusion, some potential factors must participate in this progression
the DNA sequence of that temperature-sensitive ADH1ts gene loci contained in the temperature-sensitive yeast obtained, ADH1ts-1, ADH1ts-2, and ADH1ts-3, were determined
US company Sangamo Biosciences is developing a gene therapy to emulate the effect of a bone marrow transplant that "vanquished" the virus in an HIV patient.
The term "tissue engineering " was officially put forward in 1987. and has been developed very quickly in recent years. UP to now research workers have utilized tissue engineering techniques for fabricating the biological artificial tissues. such as the artificial skin, cartilage, bone, cornea,tendon. nerve, blood vessel, trachea, intestine, vesicourethral epithelial tissue. retinal pigmentary cell. valve and even artificial liver and pancreas organs, and have made progress and achievemen...
Effect of music therapy on mood of patients receiving PPH surgery
It has been discovered that stopping or lowering the speed of the agitator during the coupling reaction dramatically causes a lowering of the viscosity of the coupling reaction mixture.
The Investigation on Photoinduced Nematic State of Biaxial Nematic Azo Liquid Crystal Molecula;
Study on Antioxidation and Reducing Blood Lipid of the Millet Bran Oil
Methods Fibroblasts derived from normal human skin and hypertrophic scar were harvested and cultured in vitro with recombinant human decorin of serial diluted concentration (0.01 μg/ml, 0.1 μg/ml, 2 μg/ml and 10 μg/ml
Each tablet contains 0.5g of medroxyprogesterone and a right amount of officinal ancillary materials which are selected from filling agents, binding agents, disintegrants and lubricating agents and contain 0.025g to 0.035g of lactose, 0.05g to 0.07g of carboxymethyl starch sodium, 0.005g to 0.02g of polyvinylpyrrolidone (PVP K-29/32), 0.002g to 0.004g of magnesium stearate and 0.1g to 0.3g of ethanol of 50 percent.
Efficacy of Integrated Western and Traditional Chinese Medicine in Reducing Side-effects of Glucocorticoids During Treatment of Primary Nephrotic Syndrome
A monitor may be used to measure a number of patient parameters such as ECG, pulse, pressure and temperature.
Among the problems have been compatibility with carrier systems, physical stability and skin irritation.
13. The method of claim 1, wherein providing a human PDX1-positive pancreatic progenitor cell population comprises thawing a cell population.
A fine precipitate was observed as this mixture was stirred for 30 minutes.
The subject is imaged with an X-ray exposure to create an X-ray image (12) of the subject (10).
B . Negative selection bead preparation Additional beads were also prepared for negative selections .
plasma was separated immediately ,
In contrast, the results presented above show that an increase in tyrosine phosphorylation of PTP 1D by the PDGF-R.beta. kinase, in intact cells, correlated with proportional enhancement of its catalytic activity.
If giving less than5 ml of liquids, prepare medication in a sterile syringe without a needle.
A higher proportion of mesalazine-treated patients compared with placebo-treated patients had no change from their baseline rectal bleeding score at Month 1 (92.7% versus 84.9%), at Month 3 (86.6% versus 79.6%), and at Month 6 (84.1% versus 74.2%).
Methods MSCT and MRI imagings of 13 patients with diastematomyelia proved clinically were analyzed retrospectively.
We used cell-surface marker expression to purify from the satellite cell pool a distinct population of skeletal muscle precursors (SMPs) that function as muscle stem cells.
Keeps the tissue viable until the blood is restored
Clinical analysis of 42 cases of scleral rupture revealed that the injures were caused by blunt objects in 42.9% and by sharp objects in 38.1% of the cases.
Combined with cyclic voltammetry(CV) and energy dispersive spectroscopy(EDS), the electrochemical behavior and the mechanism of ion exchange was also investigated in electrolytes of Cd2+.
coli and K. pneamoniae which could produce ESBLS, were 53.8% and 58.3% respectively. The rate of MRSA was 73.3% and the rate of MoraxeUa catarrhalis producingβ-laetamase was 93.2
When E and A peak is fusion,and effective diastolic is significantly shorten,suggesting their hint serious damage of diastolic function.
Objective To find out the change of levels of SOD、GSH-Px、T-AOC and MDA in serum in the treatment of acute Pneumonia and its clinical significance
Study on Recombination Technology of Hairtail Mackerel Meat and the Digestibility of Protein in Vitro
Preparation and properties of Ru-Zr-Y oxide coated electrode
the result showed that that interaction of TBT and BSA was dual
The tissue-specific expression of cytokeratin 5 and 8 genes in mammary epithelial cells was identified by immunofluorescent cytochemical staining.
After the respective combined effects of the combination of Mel and melatonin receptor antagonist Luzindole and that of Neu-P11 and Luzindole on cells,the expression level of adiponectin protein experienced dramatic decline compared with the Mel and Neu-P11 group,and the differences had statistical significance;the differences were not obvious compared with IR group and had no statistical significance.
We sought to assess the relation between the sex and phenotype of affected probands and the sex of affected first-degree relatives
the invention relates to a method for preparing the enamel surface hydroxyl agustite repair coat, wherein it is an electromechanical method, while it comprises that:
A way to reduce the damage from overgrazing is to move animals from one 1 field to another.
Analysis of Bacterial Distribution and Drug Resistance in the 252nd Hospital of PLA in the Year 2005
Repair of mild or moderate blepharoptosis with a Levator muscle overlapping technique
Conclusion:Glycyrrhinzin can reduce the expression levels of the serum TNF-α,IL-1 and IL-6 in rat adjuvant arthritis,showing a certain role in the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis.
Standardization of X-Ray Fluorescence Spectrometric Analysis
Analysis of linezolid in treatment of MRSA infection after ineffective glycopeptide antibiotics treatment
it aim at providing that inhibit gene silencing application of non-structural protein Pns10 of rice dwarf virus.
Results 36 cases of patients with treatment, visible with reference to the research on the total sample treatment effect comparison between significant difference, P0.05, no statistical significance.
STUDY ON THE EFFECT OF VARIOUS SOURCES OF FLUORIDE ON PERFORMANCE, BONE AND BLOOD OF EGG COCKERELS
suitable label include enzymes and fluorescent moiety, as well as radionuclides, substrates, cofactors, inhibitor, chemiluminescent moieties, magnetic particles, and that like
suitable polymer for use in that third layer, or membrane, for control the drug release may be selected from water-insoluble polymers or polymers with pHdependent solubility, such as, for example, ethyl cellulose, hydroxypropylmethyl cellulose phthalate, cellulose acetate phthalate, cellulose acetate trimellitate, polymethacrylate, or mixtures thereof, optionally combined with plasticizers, such as those mentioned above.
RESULTS ATT exited as amorphous or molecular state in solid state that could be proved by DSC and XRPD.The dissolution rate of ATT was significantly accelerated.The dissolution profile and the solid state properties of the product were maintained after storage at 40 ℃,75% RH for 6 months.
In the condition of pH 3.0, 30℃, LD-1 and BY-3 had higher enzyme activeity than ATCC 19859 either in cell culture or purifyied enzyme
About 10% of the carbon backbone of extracted glutamine is transformed to citrulline and ornithine and 30% of the ∝-amino nitrogen is in citrulline (Windmueller and Spaeth, 1974, 1975, 1978, 1980).
The experimental results indicated that the concentration of gelatin solutions had great influence on the formation of HAP
The yield of β-naphthyl acetate was 97.8% under the optimum conditions: β-naphthlol 7.2 g(0.05 mol), acetic anhydride 6 mL(0.06 mol), aminosulfonic acid 1.0 g, reaction time 30 min, 80
in one medical application, an administration set is use to continuously feed a steady and continue flow of saline, dextrose or other solution from that supply container intravenously to the patient
Specific examples of autoimmune diseases that can be treated or prevented with the compounds include rheumatoid arthritis and/or its associated symptoms, systemic lups erythematosis and/or its associated symptoms and multiple sclerosis and/or its associated symptoms.
surgical intervention is that treatment of choice, resection of intrathoracic goiter generally can be accomplished through a transcervical approach, but primary intrathoracic goiter, recurrent goiters, and malignant goiters often require a median sternotomy for safe removal.
Their high specificity, which is advantageous for the individual reaction, results in not every sugar and every position on the various sugars being amenable to enzymatic glycosylation reactions.
CT Findings of Primary Intrahepatic Peripheral Cholangiocarcinoma
Study on Rheological Mechanism of Polymer Used in Nano-imprint Lithography
Protective effect of recombinant-Human Erythropoietin on neuronal apoptosis after spinal cord injury in rats
Study on Enhances of The Antioxidation in Escherichia coli by Expression of Deinococcus radiodurans pprI
Keywords Cardiac and esophageal carcinoma;Gastric interposition;Reflux;
After the initial 24 hours of treatment, visual differences were apparent for many Seaprose-treated wounds, including pitting of the eschar and in some cases limited exposure of healthy wound tissue (FIG. 2
Describe how a health coach honors the patient-centered care approach.
Protein Phosphorylation and Two-component System
The usual method for preparing cross-linked materials composed of the thiol-modified macromolecule derivatives of this invention and cross-linked by thiol-reactive crosslinker, is as follows: prepare the aqueous solution or mixed aqueous solution contained one or more thiol-modified macromolecule derivatives with general formula (I) or (II), adjust the pH value of the above solution to neutral,
Results: Average content of total flavonoids of the three batches of Diabetes Hypoglycemic Capsules should be no less than 74. 76 mg/g measured at 500nm wavelength in accordance with the preferred method of extraction and determination.
Yoshida, Y.; Yokoi, W.; Ohishi, K.; Ito, M.; Naito, E.; Sawada, H. 2005. Effects of the cell wall of Kluyveromyces marxianus YIT 8292 on the plasma cholesterol and fecal sterol excretion in rats fed on a high-cholesterol diet. Biosci Biotechnol Biochem 69(4):714- 723.
Retrospective analysis of clinic pathology features and prognosis analysis of node-negative breast cancer patients
~(18)F-FDG/~( 99m)Tc-MIBI Dual-Isotope SPECT and Gated Myocardial Imaging for Viability and Function Assessment Before Coronary Artery Bypass Grafting
Effect of Agkihpin-an Arginine Esterase from Venom on Expression of MRP1 in CNE-2 Cells
Clinical observation on primary osteoporosis treated by bushen jianpi huoxue recipe.
The tactics of study on transgenic chicken
Results:Stone free rate was (73.1)% after ureteroscopic holmium:YAG laser lithotripsy combinated with one ESWL, (84.6)%combinated with two ESWL, (88.5)% combinated with three ESWL
the present invention relate to one method of judging blood sugar concentration with that variation in raise time. blood sugar is made to react with ferment in test piece to produce analogy source for measuring blood sugar concentration, so that the analogy source may be processed to obtain one ascent curve with very short ascent time and the blood sugar concentration value may be obtain immediately
The fragment sizes of the PCR products were 300bp(GAPDH) and 940bp(potassium channel gene).
The sensitivity of CEA was 75.0%, 53.5% and 55.6% re spectively; specificity was all 95.2%.
Design of Clinical Scenario Cases with Human Patient Simulator for Critical Nursing Simulation Training
The Development of Anyang Tumor Hospital in Recent3Decades
Good long-term prognosis can be obtained if we choose a good operative time, and the right repair technique
Distribution characteristics of growth factors associated with vascular endothelial cells in cardiocytes and vascular endothelial cells in rats at the different stages of hypertension
Methods During 1997~2000, cyclinD 1 was determined in the specimens of malignant epithelial ovarian neoplasms, borderline ovarian neoplasms, benign ovarian neoplasms and normal ovarian by immunohistochemical methods
the relationship between irrigation fluid absorption in hysteroscopic surgery and post-operation hematological biochemical index changes
Human recombinant IGF-1 and HGF (Peprotech) were administered in differential doses (ranging from 2 .mu.g to 8 .mu.g of IGF-1 and from 0.5 .mu.g to 2 .mu.g of HGF) to 17 pigs through a perfusion balloon catheter advanced immediately distal to the origin of the first septal artery 30 minutes after coronary reperfusion
preparation of dimethyl 3- N- ( 4-trifluoromethylbenzyl ) - carbamoyl 4-methoxybenzylmalonate ( ST1933 ) Dimethyl 3- N- ( 4-trifluoromethylbenzyl ) carbamoyl 4-methoxy- benzylidenemalonate ( 148 mg ,
The research of adsorption of MnOa by CNTs, the TEM micrograph of CNTs and mechanism were analyzed
Conclusions For huge primary retroperitoneal tumor invading abdominal big vessels, the left big vessels were easily operated on and its complete resection rate was obviously higher than at the right.
and the halogenohydrin dehalogenase produced by the gene engineering bacteria can be applied to ring-opening reaction of ortho-halogenohydrin dehalogenation epoxidation and epoxide.
in particular to an application on prepare medicines for cure adiposis hepatica and alcoholic hepatitis
inclusion body of human cytomegalovirus are composed of that DNA and immediately early and early antigen of the virus
Cyproheptadinum showed the effect to reduce the levels of 5-HT and 5-HIAA in this study. The values of 5-HT in brain cortex was 1.32± 0.09μ/g, and the value of 5-HIAA in brain cortex was 1.36±0.10μ/g after the administration of cyproheptadinum.
The tissues were incubated in vitro and the cell line was named Ch-Huang-1. The biological characteristics of the cells were investigated by light microscopy,chromosome analysis,and transplantation experiment.
Mechanism and Antiproliferative Effect of Iron-Deprivation on K562 Cell
A growing body of evidence has accumulated in recent years indicating that diabetes in youth has an impact on the health of periodontal tissue .
Application of Electrode Loop in Transurethral Electrovaporization-ablation Prostatectomy
Training of standardized patients in clinical teaching process of obstetrics and gynecology
determining the presence of one or more gene product of said nucleic acid sequence, wherein said gene product is an enzyme in a pathway involved in the conversion of coal to methane
The arachnoiditis was divided into three types according to the characters of spinal arachnoiditis: type Ⅰ with extensive adhesion in 10 patients, type Ⅱ with focal adhesion in 3 and type Ⅲ with arachnoid cyst in 2. Syringopleural shunt was performed in patients with type Ⅰ arachnoiditis, spinal cord adhesiolysis in patients with type Ⅱ and cyst excision in patients with type Ⅲ.
The invention belongs to the technical field of preparing a compound, namely long chain alkyl dimethyl tertiary amine, and in particular relates to a process system and a method for continuously preparing long chain alkyl dimethyl tertiary amine.
⑵Lower rate limit phase (LRL),DDDR mode with 85bpm LRL, and evaluating anti-Af effect by elevated rate;
Conclusion: Psychological care is spinal cord injury patients the right to face a new life,a powerful disease-fighting protection.
spontaneously contract cardiomyocytes were study
To study the effects of BCG inoculation alone or combined with vitamin A and IFN-γ on the tuberculosis bacilli protein purified derivative(PPD)skin test,wheezing episode and dynamic changes in the level of interleuking 18(IL-18) derived from monocyte in infants with acute bronchiolitis,44 infants with acute bronchiolitis(ABI)were treated with BCG alone or combination with vitamin A and IFN-γ.
Methods:T-lymphocyte subsets and NK cells in peripheral blood from 30 patients with breast cancer and 45 patients with breast benign disease were determined by flow cytometry(FCM
The Pilot Study of Tissue Engineering of Human Parotid Gland Constructed by the Composite of Collagen and Chitosan
The method includes the general step of placing said somatic grape embryo in potting medium comprising sand and potting mixture.
The present invention also relates to nucleotide sequences encoding the variant glycoside hydrolases and to nucleic acid constructs, vectors,
The dissolved,inflated,enzymolysis and pasty characteristics of Castanea henryi amylose-hexylic acid complex(CAHC),-capric acid complex(CACC)and-stearic acid complex(CASC)were studied.
A method of treating a biological tissue that enables dry storage of said tissue is disclosed.
Objective To stud y effects of 9 cis retinoic acid(9 cis R A) on biological characteristics in lung squamous cancer cells
These results suggest that GM Ⅱ might be a novel target for the treatment of human gastric carcinoma.
The Clinical Characteristics Analysis of 23 HIV Positive Patients
Results It saved the waiting time and the degree of patient’s satisfaction is remarkably difference(p<0.01).
The investigation of mental pressure of patients caused by holistic nursing examination on the spot
【Conclusion】Transvaginal foci excision of cervical pregnancy is safe and effective.Early diagnosis and improving the quality of the surgery are the key points of surgery safety and treatment results.
in general, that size of miRNA is about 15 to 30 nucleotide, and the miRNA having a sequence complementary to its target mRNA.
Postoperative pressurized bandaging device for breast cancer operation
Comparison of Shaping Ability with Different Instruments in Preparing Curved Root Canals;
Keywords vare earth solid superacid; catalytic activity; isoamyl acetate
However, during the luteal phase, rising progesterone levels decrease estrogen receptor expression (Lessey, 1988
Results The concentration of CN exposure for 1 h, ATP level in the RTECs with cantharidin treatment were significantly higher than that in both hypoxic and non-treated control groups (14.50±0.26 mmol/g protein, 4.25±0.11 mmol/g protein, 8.58±0.13 mmol/g protein, respectively, P<0.01).
Methods Thirty-eight cases of AS with HLA-B27 negative and 92 cases with HLA-B27 positive were analyzed by clinical expression and special examination
The Research Status of Gastric Bypass Surgery for the Treatment of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus
Methods 68 cases with breast tumor excision under local anesthesia and mammography were given psychological counseling and nursing intervention.
specific examples of suitable amphoteric surfactants include sodium 3-dodecyl-aminopropionate , sodium 3-dodecylaminopropane sulfonate , N-higher alkyl aspartic acids such as those produced according to the teaching of U. S. Patent 2,438,091 ; and the products sold under the trade name " Miranol " and described in U. S. Patent 2,528,378 .
a 28-day kit can include a first phase of 21 daily dosage units of a compound of formula I and / or formula II ; a second phase of 3 daily dosage units for days 22 to 24 of an estrogen ; and , optionally , a third phase of 4 daily units of an orally and pharmaceutically acceptable placebo for each of days 25 to 28 .
ethanol or aqueous mixtures of different ratio of these solvents.
Investigation on quality of life in 174 patients with pneumoconiosis
RESULTS Pulmonary TB patients had the higher satisfaction with designated hospitals, and 94. 8% of whom selected "satisfied" option
AEROBIC DIE-AWAY DEGRADATION OF PHTHALIC ACID ESTERS
Possible mood disorder.
in a second step, an aqueous solution of 0. 3M LiOH. H2O is adde at 25 < 0 > C in a quantity so as to increase that pH up to a value between 6.5 and 7.5, and leading to the precipitation of Li3PO4.
Study of Affective Priming Effect on the Susceptibility to Emotion
The census results analysis of women′s cervical cancer in yangcheng county of shanxi province
Selective hepatic lobectomy and segmental resection of liver for liver tumors: A report of 60 cases
multiple samples across the cell may be analyzed for texture features,
the records of 32 patients with fhic who had undergone ecce were reviewed. of a total 32 eyes, a posterior chamber iol ( pc iol ) was implanted in 17 eyes, whereas others did not receive an implant.
The average reduction of insulin for the 10 patients in 2 months, 6 months and one year after the transplantation was 68.3%, 74.5%, and 78.4%, respectively.
the sequence of that prevalence of periodontal disease in different tooth position was M_1> M_2> P_2> P_1> M_3> C=I_2> I_1. the minor periodontiti were the most common
ANALYSIS OF NUCLIDE IMAGING OF CONGENITAL HYPOTHYROIDISM
hepatitis B vaccine unite immunity with inoculate method block vertical result that travel of moth and baby observe with second liver immunoglobulin ( Ig) alone
in that presence of 10 - 4mmol / l amiliride in the pipette, the incidence of sodium channel decreased from 26. 67%to 5. 13%. it reveal that a population of channels were inhibited by amiloride
Therefore,the dried quality of A. aegerita sample rehydration ratio,appearance quality,coloration and free amino acid differences had significant difference from above three kinds of drying methods,which could provide reference for the development and application of A. aegerita dried food,so it had important application value for other research.
Results The FA values significantly reduced in the left inferior temporal gyrus, bilateral middle frontal gyrus and left putamen.
trauma model group(n=24): no special treatments after SCI;
in a preferred embodiment, that present invention provide pharmaceutical compositions for oral administration which include insulin or an insulin analog as the active agent and a delivery agent in an amount effective to achieve blood glucose concentration at 3 AM from about 80 to about 120 mg/dl.
Compared with the model group,in TCM group,the levels of plasma AngⅡ,ET and serum ROS all reduced(P<0.01or P<0.05),while the levels of serum NO increased significantly(P<0.
the result show that that increase of soil fertility can significantly increase the biomass allocation ratio of reproductive organ, and decrease that of non - reproductive organs, that the ratios of foliage and supporting part decrease little with increasing soil fertility
The present invention comprises a method of isolating nucleic acid and protein from the same sample with solid supports,
Study on Leaves of Kim Jong-il Begonia tuberhybrieda Vosa Induced by Tissue Culture
Objective To develop healthy living habits affect the health education of patients with coronary heart disease.
Study on the acute toxicity and mutagenicity of roxithromycin injection.
Curative effect of various doses of glucocorticoid on children in phase 2 of hand-foot-mouth disease
Spectral Study on the Interaction of Tyrosine with Chromium(Ⅲ)
Human glioblastoma T98G cells were irradiated with a precise number of helium microbeam ions, which targeted to either nuclear or cytoplasm. Chromosome damage and intracellular NO level were assayed. Influence of a NO free radical scavenger on these radiation responses was measured.
Also provided are plants having increased expression of a nucleic acid encoding an LSU polypeptide, which have enhanced yield-related traits compared with control plants.
Preparation and application of amino sodium formyl sulfonate as H2O2 activator
The pedicled cartilage fragments were not absorbed and healed with the cricoid cartilage. 3
To evaluate the clinical value of Tc-4, 9-diaza-3, 3,10,10-tetrame-thyldodecan -2, 11-dione dioxime(HL91) imaging in the diagnosis of lung cancer, fifty-one patients with suspected lung cancer underwent thoracic Tc-HL91 planar imaging and SPECT at 0.5 ~1h and 3.5~4h.
Expression of granulysin in patients with primary biliary cirrhosis and its clinical significance
the publication reports experimental data showing the neutralisation of SIV in vitro .
Correlations between Transcription Factor NFAT-Integrin α_6β_4 Signal Transduction Pathway and the Invasion, Metastasis in Colorectal Carcinoma
It is understood that the cause gas gangrene is a regular presence on the land and anaerobic bacteria in the stool, hyperbaric oxygen therapy have a good effect.
The results show that the viscosity of the resin is lower than 300 mPa·s at 40 ℃ within 50 minutes. The mechanical properties of the casting matrix have little difference when the initiator content is 0. 5% and 1. 0%, respectively
Objective:To observe the clinical efficacy of different doses of mifepristone combined with misoprostol for termination of midtrimester of pregnancy.
Trichosanthin induces human immune suppression via activation of CD8 Tc2 subset
Study of Effect on Developmental and Biochemical and Metabolic Alterations in Aphis Craccivora Koch Parasitized by Lysiphlebus Japonicus Ashmead;
people suffering from Alzheimer 's disease develop a progressive dementia in adulthood , accompanied by three main structural changes in the brain : diffuse loss of neurons in multiple parts of the brain ; accumulation of intracellular protein deposits termed neurofibrillary tangles ; and accumulation of extracellular protein deposits termed amyloid or senile plaques , surrounded by misshapen nerve terminals ( dystrophic neurites ) .
Introduction and relationship between diet and health.
Methods Neurons in hippocampus of rat cultured for 8 days were randomly divided into the control group,Mn exposed group,low,medium and high doses PAS-Na(L-PAS,M-PAS and H-PAS) intervention groups.
Analysis of Suicidal Behaviors of the Hospitalized Late-stage Cancer Patients and Safe Care Management Policies
Hospital-acquired infection surveillance of 66 strains of Acinetobacter baumannii and drug-resistance analysis
Clinical significance of postoperative rehabilitation of lumbar vertebral canal operation
The bands of the visible absorption and Raman spectra of all-trans- β-carotene showed red blue shifts.The bandwidth of the Raman spectra becomes narrow.Raman scattering cross-section increases as the temperature decreases.The red shift of the absorption spectrum is attributed to the thermal conformational change-induced decrease in the effective conjugation length in all-trans-β-carotene chains.The molecular structural order increases and the π-electron delocalization range is extended as the temperature decreases.
In addition, synthesis of four more new aromatic dinitromethyl compounds are also reported, namely that of para-chloro-meta-nitro-phenyl-dinitromethane, 4-methylnitramino-3, 5-dinitro-phenyl-dinitro-methane, 1, 3-bis (dinitromethyl) benzene and 5-nitro-1, 3-bis(dinitromethyl) benzene.
the thermoplastic polymer shell of the expandable microspheres to be contacted with the agent is suitably made from homo-or co-polymers obtained by polymerising various ethylenically unsaturated monomers, which to some extent will remain unreacted.
stain kit and preparation method, staining method, and use thereof
symptom t and evaluation for stroke patient with disphagia
in which that pattern is for is preferably also transparent to uv radiation
During the following 2 years,she was never regularly treated for the uveitis.This time,she came to our hospital for treating the cataract of the right eye.When seeing a female child with OU anterior uveitis,diagnosis of juvenile rheumatoid arthritis/juvenile idiopathic arthritis should be highly suspected.The keys for the visual prognosis are early treatment on uveitis and appropriate treatment on complications.
ResultsCompound with the model group, the IL-1 and TNF-α significantly decreased in rats pretreated with BB and SZT(P< 0.05 or P< 0.01
FISH Study of Human Oocytes Failed to Fertilize in vitro Characterised with Chromosome 21 Aneuploidy
hyperosteogeny of cervical vertebra
Effect of Reproductive Tract Infection Intervening Project on the Service Ability of Family Planning
The struetral characterization and measurement of acidic proper were characterized by XRD, IR and NH3-TPD.
The Effect of Wenhua Capsules in the Cell Apoptosis and Metabolism of Human Liver Cancer Cell Line Bel-7402
In addition, the present invention is a recombinant measles virus having infectivity, which can express in an infected cell a protein which produces a defense against Nipah virus infection after inoculation with the virus.
The invention relates to 1-[4-[[4-(2-amino-6-trifluoromethyl pyrimidine-4-group)piperazine-1-group]methyl]phenyl]-3-(3-trifluoromethyl-4-fluorine phenyl)urea as well as fumarate salt or a solvate acceptable in pharmacology of the fumarate salt of the derivant and applications of the fumarate salt and solvate of the fumarate salt in preparation of drugs for treating cancers.
Isolation of Rat Pancreatic Islets for Studying the Factors Influencing Insulin Release
Study on HPAM synthesis by AM/NaAA aqueous two-phase copolymerization
RESULTS The numbers of the total bacterial count from the layer of 0.5, 1.0, 1.5 meter high were 491.4 CFU/m 3, 240.8 CFU/m 3 and 217.0 CFU/m 3, respectively. There were significant differences between them (P<0.01).
Adsorptive Voltammetry of the Indium(Ⅲ)-Rutin System
This paper introduced the status and recent progresses of the ultraviolet resonance Raman (UVRR) spectroscopy used in the secondary structure studies of protein and peptides, the UVRR studies of photochemical isomerization process for aqueous dipeptides NMA and GLY GLY. The UVRR experimental main points also be demonstrated.
each of which may optionally be substituted by branched or unbranched alkyl groups.
STR Polymorphisms in Four Xinjiang Ethnic Groups in China
【Conclusion】 Both Prolift operation and the revised total pelvic floor reconstruction with Gynemesh can improve the quality of life and Pelvic floor function of the patients, but the quality of postoperative sexual life didn’t make some obvious progress.
porcine intestinal mucosa
The workers look for conditions glaucoma, night blindness and other problems
Example 16 Differentiation of FN-ESL Novacells into Insulin-Secreting Pancreatic Beta Cells
Shortly before the substituate reaches the venous needle 103, the substituate pump 89 is stopped.
providing a fibrinogen component, a thrombin component, an anesthetic component,
Comparing with Zn deficiency, adding Zn in the nutrient solution increased by(25.6 %) P uptake by root obviously, but the N and K uptake was not affected
Objective: To evaluate the relationship between glucokinase(GCK)gene and non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus(NIDDM) in Chinese.
Reconstruction of segmental forearm bone defects by using allogeneic defatted bone plate plus autogenous fibula transplantation
Objective To investigate the application values of the combined detection of serum human epididymis protein 4(HE4)and carbohydrate antigen 125(CA125)in the diagnosis of epithelial ovarian cancer.
Column Switchine HPLC Method for Determination of Adriamycin in Plasma
SSA reporter construct (see, FIG. 2) targeted to the HO locus was generated using the yeast integrating plasmid (Yip) HO-poly-KanMX-HO (Voth et al. (2001) Nucleic Acids Res 29:E59-59) as follows
This particular embodiment of the invention provides for regulation of expression of the DNA sequence encoding the protein, through the use of inducible promoters.
Several receptor binding sites of LT were mutated randomly, then the R46, S106, L130 combined site-directed random mutation library and S106~F110 region random mutation library were displayed on a filamentous phage surface
the amount of formic acid and performic acid in that solution is preferably from 2 to 20 % by weight.
Due to degenerative changes cells were showing cytoplasmic vacoulation and cytoplasmic and nuclear blebbing.
Study of the Relationship between Adiponection, Lipid Levels, Insulin Resistant and Lipid-lowering Drug Intervention in Patients with Hyperlipidemia
hint phlegmy heat symptom - complex is await more, smooth pulse is visible at phlegmy wet, dyspepsia,
so that ultrasonic waves can sterically act on a knee to increase a therapeutic effect
a means to input, store and manage a data information of an ability of test substances, wherein said ability is an ability to modulate the activity of an insect c-Jun NH2-terminal kinase;
RESULTS: The aqueous and alcohol extracts of the crude and processed Epimedium Sagittatum maxim. showed same marked inhibition on atrophy of castrated mice.
one probably has to use long electrical pulses to load platelets with RNA and any other large charged molecules.
Results The average value of BUA among the 6764 cases was( 351. 21 ± 84. 35) μmol / L,while the prevalence of hyperuricemic was 22. 8%.
Compared with the model group,FFA,MDA in middle dose group was significantly lower(P < 0. 01),CYP2E1 mRNA levels in middle dose group were significantly lower(P < 0. 05),CYP2E1 protein abundance in the middle dose group was significantly lower.
Gene engineering has been widely recognized due to its unique predominance to conquer graft rejection and induce immune tolerance
AM1 STUDY OF THE MOTION OF PHENYL RING BETWEEN ETHER ETHER BRIDGE BONDS AND BETWEEN ETHER KETONE BRIDGE BONDS
(g) Striving to fully protect and promote gender equality, non-discrimination and the empowerment of women as effective means contributing to eradication of poverty, elimination of hunger, combating disease and stimulating growth and sustainable development;
The inclusion criteria included that the proportion of cystic lesion was greater than 70% of the whole tumor,the diameter of the tumor was larger than 5cm.
Expression of 25kDa outer membrane protein of Brucell in E.coli
The polypeptide has marked effect of scavenging superoxide radical (·O2-) and hydroxy radical (·OH), simultaneously has obvious result of suppressing malonaldehyde (MDA) which is a kind of autoxidation product from homogenate of little mouse livers
however, whilst there has been a great deal of work in core area, for example, miniaturizing PCR for expedite amplification of DNA in that microchip format, less effort has been exerted towards miniaturizing DNA purification method.
Advances in iontophoretic transdermal delivery of peptide and protein drugs
Biological characteristics in part of avian Newcastle disease virus isolate strain were determinated.
The levels of blood gases , serum blood urea nitrogen (BUN), creatinine (Cr), urinary β2-microglobulin (β2 -MG), urinary α1-microglobulin (α1-MG) and urinary microalbumin (MALB) were compared.
crocodile embryo extract
Objective To investigated the possible association between the polymorphisms in the 3′ untranslated region(UTR) of HSPA5 and hepatocellular carcinoma(HCC) prognosis.
the rape pollen extract is a mixture of a fat-soluble extract and a water-soluble extract of rape pollen;
The Experimental Study of the Cholagogic and Anti-inflammatory Effect of Xiaoyanlidan Capsule
thin-membrane section positioning method of scanning probe microscope
Study on pulsed ultrasounic-assistant extraction of protein and polysaccharide from porphyra yezoensis
Assessment of sperm quality of men living in cold area in our country by detecting sperm DNA
in ord to maximize that sensitivity of the compositions, kit, and methods of the invention ( i. e. by interference attributable to cells of non-ovarian origin in a patient sample
The compound thus prepared may be recovered from the reaction mixture by traditional means.
the bone marrow of rats, micronucleus test.
A semi-closed mouse cage of 26637618 cm (inner dimensions) containing 15 mice was placed in the biosafety cabinet (Fig. 1b).
Results octane-4,5-dione,decane-5,6-dione and dodecane-6,7 were synthesized.
Depending on the disease or disorder begin treated , adverse effects can include , but are not limited to , drowsiness , somnolence , nausea , emesis , gastrointestinal discomfort , diarrhea , and vasculitis .
Objective To study the dynamic changes in renal Ca 2+ ATPase after acute intrauterine ischemia in fetal rats, and to explore the underlying mechanism of intracelluar Ca 2+ overload secondary to perinatal asphyxia
Methods The 35 cases of cysts of jaw were analyzed restrospectively.
To observe and record the complications of severe postoperative organ bleeding and wound hematoma,and to record the incision drainage within 24 hours after surgery.
Difference in myocardial protection provided by intermittent warm blood cardiaplegia and intermittent cold blood cardiaplegia during cardiac valve replacement
The invention is related in particular to heat therapy using hyperthermia or thermoablation.
Synthesis and Antitumor Activity Evalution of Desmosdumotin C Derivatives
allergies to dietary proteins are not confined to humans and the method of the present invention may also be used to induce oral tolerance to egg proteins in other mammals, particularly companion animals such as dogs and cats.
In the follow-up period of 1 year,they were divided into anterior and posterior approach groups according to different approaches.Imaging assessment and functional assessment of patients in these two groups were compared,and change in Cobb Angle was compared between these 2 groups.
The transfer and metabolism of C and N in the symbiosis plays an important role in keeping nutrient balance and resource reallocation between the host plant and the fungi.
Y glass microsphere is tested for mice transplanted liver neoplasm by direct injection into the tumor.
improve that codon pair usage in such a way that the codons are adapt to the host species used for expressing the compactin hydroxylase
Conclusion Ad-p27mt gene therapy group could inhibit the growth of tumor markedly. Ad-p27mt had more stronger effect of promoting apoptosis. There was significant difference between p27mt group and control group (P<0.01), P27mt group and Lac-Z group(.P<0.01).
It is necessary to discuss the assessment criferia of mental disorder ofter head tr auma and its correlation problemn.
Conclusion Pulmonary tuberculosis with diabetes was characterized by wide extent of disease,high rates of smear-positive and cavity and bad prognosis.The control of blood glucose was the key to its care.Actively contolling blood glucose and reasonably using antituberculosis drugs can improve recovery rate Pulmonary tuberculosis.
METHODS: fulminant hepatic failure injury-models induced by D-galactosamine(D-GalN) /Lipopolysaccharid(LPS) in mice, and the levels of serum enzyme ALT、 AST and TNF-α : the NF-KB activities and DNA damage in liver;
Biological functions of resveratrol such as anti-tumor, anti-oxidation, anti-inflammatory effect, anti-tissue injury, anti-influenza, cardiovascular production, immunomodulating, and its application in animal production were reviewed
In this study,one of high titer specific Mab against PRRSV N protein has been successfully prepared,which may be useful in the development of a quick and specific method to detect PRRSV.
Method for preparing 3-(imidazole-4) pyridine
The intense fluorescence of ATM protein was stro ng er in karyon of CNE1than that in CNE2.CONCLUSION:The expression levels of ATM protein differ in CNE1and CNE2.The variance may be a potential facto r, which links with their different radiosensitivity.
The invention discloses new application of a Lepisorus clathratus Ching extract in preparation of anticancer drugs.
another element impacting upon mortality rate is the religious prohibition against abortion among muslims even in medically recommended cases, as well as the high rate of births among elderly women.
Expression, Purification and Immunogenicity of the Recombinant Antigen of the Hepatitis A and Hepatitis E Viruses
Affinity peptide ( Marker) became more important in the development of genetic engineering
Stroke has many risk factors,control of stroke risk factors will greatly reduce the incidence of cerebral apoplexy.Acupuncture and moxibustion therapy is an important part of TCM. It has no toxic side effects but lasting effect,and it is suitable for prevention.
We analyzed the percentage time for each phase separately in Age (3) x DHA Group (2) MANOVAs.
Additional medium liquid fermentation in fermentor could decrease the liquid fermentation time from 168 h to 120 h and increase the dry weight of filamentous form from 10.74g /L to 11.95g /L compared with Erlenmeyer flask additional medium liquid fermentation.
in particularly prefer embodiments that gene ( s ) for ICP4 and/or ICP27 are delete from an HSV mutant also having the in 1814 inactivating mutation in VP 16 ( ace et al., 1989 ).
In postmenopausal women, serum BSP levels were significantly higher, compared with premenopausal women( P <0 05
Those antibacterials that have a bitter taste are at a considerable disadvantage for pediatric use since many pediatric preparations are in liquid form for ease of administration.
Study on CVB_(3m) caused myocardial injury in Se - deficient adult BALB/C mice
PTPRC (CD45) C77G mutation does not contribute to multiple sclerosis susceptibility in Sardinian patients
The Capsule of Shuhe in the Treatment of IGT in Clinical Research
95% of the thyroid cancer cases are of differentiated thyroid cancer with low malignancy.
immunity of cortical bone plate allografts
similar procedure can be devised for immunoassay or other assays involving proteins or carbohydrate, or other biological material including cells, tissues and organelles; and for binding assays of any sort, not necessarily biomedical.
Objective: To study the accuracy of quantitative measurement of intracranial hematomata by stereology
such that a positive pressure therapy may be administer to a user as that us sleeps.
Progress on the S-phase Kinase Associated Protein 2 in Prostate Cancer
Effects of four various concentration ethanol (0.5%, 1%, 2.5%, 5%) on progesterone secretion from fresh abortive placental chorion with perfusion technique in vitro was observed.
Results ①The end systolic inner diameter (mm) of left ventricle measured by 2D-echo decreased from 59.8±7.2 to 53.6±8.4 (P<0.01).
The plantlet formed whole plant on the medium of MS+NAA 1.0 mg/L
? neuropsychologic examination (patient's asthenia state assessment by ASS score);
This may occur spontaneously in vivo or be experimentally induced in vivo or in vitro
iron-regulatory hormone
Relativity Research of Acute Complications in Diabetes Mellitus and the Acute Pancreatitis
study on that APC gene los of heterogygosity and mutation in sporadic colorectal carcinomas
Molecular Dynamic Simulations for the Diffusivities of Ar in the Single-Wall Carbon Nanotubes
spiral CT-3D image: its clinical value in diagnosing tracheobronchial disease
Development and application of duplex PCR assay for detection of Phytophthora infestans and Ralstonia solanacearum
The production and expression of IL-6 infetal mesangial cell (MC)
still another embodiment of that present invention provide a method of closing a left atrial appendage of a human or animal heart
Conclusion: The SPAP can increase the possibility of predication of pulmonary embolism in low-intermediate risk groups of the Wells scores.
Study on the synthesis of poly (dehydroabietic acid acrylic glycol ester) by ATRP
Synthesis and Crystal Structure of Coordination Polymer {[Co(4,4'-bpy)(H_2O)_4](Fum) ·4H_2O}_n
Metal matrix composite layer reinforced in situ ZrC particles was formed by laser cladding overlapping on the medium carbon steel. The morphology, microstructure, interface structure and the distribution of the ZrC particles were observed with optical microscope, scanning electron microscope (SEM) and EDAX. The microstructural characteristics of ZrC reinforced metal matrix composites are the typical y austenite dendrite and cellular distributed on the eutectic substrate. Most of the dispersed ,ultrafine ZrC...
The imaging examination manifested as solitary nodule,multiple nodular and infiltrating pneumonia,in which the solitary nodule was mainly found(11 cases,accounting for 52. 4%).
The result will be a reduction of the amount of the targeted protein produced by the cell.
Results of these experiments shown in Table 2 demonstrated that the above treatment permeabilized the membranes and loaded the platelets with trehalose
The x-ray or gamma ray (photon) energies control the depth of the field for dose delivery and may be optimized such that it matches the volume and location of the tumor bed.
Spectral and Kinetic Studies on the Interaction between Oxyhemoglobin and Nitrite, Peroxynitrite
Age-related changes and sex differences of memory
The results were analysed by image analysis and statistics and showed that Glu im-munoreactive neurons were significantly increased (P<0. 01), but no change was found in GABA immunore-active neurons following the treatment of IL-1β(105 u/L);
MTT assay Confluent cells were pretreated with inhibitors in serum free medium for 1 hour, and then treated with stimulating agent for 1 hour.
Imaging diagnosis of adult supratentorial primitive neuroectodermal tumor: one case report and literature review
The number of cases with facial myokymia and facial spasm in the treatment group were markedly higher with significant difference(P<0.05).
In contrast, when the siRNA-exposed cell is treated with an siRNA that, directly or indirectly, changes the transcription and/or post-transcriptional splicing of a particular gene in the cell, the gene or exon expression pattern as represented by ratio of green to red fluorescence for each gene or exon binding site will change.
Chinese four authorities ordered on june 19 that chemical enterprises must not produce and operate albumin assimilation preparations and peptide hormones outlined under the incitant catalogue without approval
According to the present invention, a pharmaceutical composition or a therapeutic agent for treating cancer comprises those that contain an anti-tumor drug, a drug for improving prognosis of cancer, a drug for preventing cancer recurrence, and an antimetastatic drug or the like
Further, the roots of living vegetation do not decay even if they are in the water for a long period of time, so that the resin cultivating base 30 made of resin and the roots of vegetation forms an ideal breeding bed for microorganisms.
the quality improve is made of sucrose fatty acid ester, sodium stearyl lactate, alfa- amylase, xylanase, xanthan gum and sodium alginate
Objective To detect the expression of IPaH1 genes in Shigella and PCR conditions optimized.
the preparations and methods involve 3-30 mg. of anecortave acetate or its corresponding alcohol administered juxtasclerally providing for transcleral delivery of the drug .
Liver specific autoantibodies were detected in 12 patients, and their liver dysfunction and immune parameters were significantly high.
the metal ion Co2+, Hg2+,Mn2+and Ag+ inhibited β-mannanase activity strongly, but Mg2+,Ca2+ and K+ activated the enzyme; kinetics of β-mannanase was examined.
Degradation of ink wastewater by UV-catalytic wet oxidation process
1. A method for the determination total homocysteine (tHcy), totalcysteine (tCys), total cysteinylglycine (tCysGly), total cysteine (tCys) inplasma by reverse phase high performance liquid chromatography andFluorescence Detection by pre-column derivatization was developed.
It is synthesized as an inactive zymogen that is activated by the proteolytic action of PROPROTEIN CONVERTASES.
Results: Compared with control group,the length of hospital stay was shorter and treatment compliance and satisfaction of the patients were better and the incidence of complications was lower in the observation group,EORTC QLQ-C30 score was better(P<0.05).
98. Use of a nucleic acid molecule as defined in any of claims 1 to 63, for the manufacture of a diagnostic agent for the diagnosis of a chronic disease or chronic disorder as defined in any of the preceding claims.
eczema ( 2 cases) . hemagioma (2 cases) . syringoma ( 1 case) , erythema nodosum ( 1 ease ) and mammary paget's disease ( 1 case).
Methods: Experiment 1: 0, 2, 4, 6, 8 hours after the transplantation of the bilateral flaps, biopsies of the 60 SD rats were collected sequentially and the lyso PAF level in the flaps were examined.
besides further colorants at least one active ingredient selected from the group consisting of anti-blocking, anti-fbgging, anti-microbial, antioxidant, anti-slipping, anti-static or cleaning agents, compatibilizers, conductive agents, corrosion inhibitors, de-nesting agents, drying agents, fillers, flame retardants, foaming agents, infrared agents, laser marker agents, lubricants, matting agents, nucleating agents, opacifiers, optical brightener, phosphorescent agents, photodegradable agents, processing aids and / or uv stabilisers may be added before the object forming stage.
There was no significant difference demonstrated before and after danhong injection treatment.Conclusions:Danhong injection can improve the parameters of hemorheology and trauma of nerve function of recurrently ischemic cerebral stroke,and without increasing cerebral bleeding tendency obviously.
Results show that there is high consistency between the growth indexes and the physiological indexes.Poplar clones in the section Aigeiros(Duby) have fast growth rates but low salt tolerance.The genetically modified Populus × xiaozhuanica ’Zhongtian’ and hybrids between varieties exhibit better performance in salt tolerance.
Objective: To study the effects of the formula of tonifying kidney and softening hardmass combined with MVP chemotherapy on advanced lung cancer in elderly
The swelling of B3 in four non-polar solvents except for n-hexane were significant, even the swelling ratio in toluene greater than in polar solvent acetonitrile. The swelling ratio in the polar solvent NMP was the maximum, showing a significant swelling in distilled water
Effective measures to prevent falling down were brought forth to improve physical and mental health of the aged and their life quality.
Conclusions:It can greatly decrease incidence rate of Complications,Scientific comprehensive systemic nurse to the recovery of patient is great to promote action to improve the safety and efficacy of treatment.
Methods The expression of P16 and Ki-67 are detected by immunohistochemical staining EnVision in 10 cases of chronic cervicitis,16 cases of low-grade CIN and 25 cases of high-grade CIN.
Study on the solid-state fermentation of soybean meal by composite probiotics
the most important advantage is that the combined mixture will chemically have an increased bactericidal efficacy against the disease pathogen than the sum of the parts would alone.
Estrogen promotes M2 macrophages polarization by increasing IRF4 expression
Four validity scales: unanswered(Q), infrequency (F), lie (L) and correction (K), and eight clinical scales: hypochondriasis (Hs), depression (D), hysteria (Hy), psychopathic deviate (Pd), paranoia (Pa), psychosthenia (Pt), schizophrenia (Sc) and hypomania (Ma) in MMPI were used to test the recruits in the two groups
the present invention also provide ungulate animals, tissue and organ as well as cells and cell lines derived from such animal, tissue and organs, which express xenogenous, such as human, immunoglobulin loci
assay of the substance
Clinical and laboratory study of a case of hematidrosis
They have an excellent in vitro cytotoxicity not only on leukaemia lines but also on solid tumour lines, and also have an action on the cell cycle and are active in vivo, on a leukaemia model.
Development of compound ciprofloxacin emulsion and its inhibitory effects in vitro
c) increasing the reaction mixture temperature to a third temperature value to hybridize the denatured polynucleotides.
Plasmids expressing other immune system molecules such as co-stimulatory molecules or adhesion molecules can also be used.
Two groups both underwent DWI at 0.5 h, 1 h, 2 h, 4 h, 6 h, 8 h, and 12 h after middle cerebral artery occlusion
lysing microbial cells;
the dosages of compound in these formulations range from 10 to 100 mg per dose / daily.
inhibitory effect of biological preparation" Lvye" on Main pathogen
The Study of Fagopyrum tataricum Complex Prescription on Type Ⅱ Diabetes Rats
an increased frequency of circulating CD14+CD16+ cells was noted in psa compared to controls, and intermediate levels of CD16 may suggest a transitional state of OCp during osteoclasto
No signifieant difference was revealed in the distribution of T-cell subsets before chemotherapy and by the end of the first course of chemotherapy in these cases. But the percentage of OKT_4 cells decreased markedly whereas that of OKT_8 cells increased significantly with the OKT_4/OKT_8 ratio reversed after 2-6 courses of chemotherapy.
The A549 cellular uptake was detected by fluorescence microscopy and flow cytometry.The cytotoxic activity of the micelles and free DOX against A549/DOX cells was compared by MTT method.
Conclusion Antibiotics sequential therapy for children bronchial pneumonia has the advantage of high efficiency,convenience and low expense.It can be used in rural areas,especially remote areas and it is worthy of clinical application in primary hospitals.
effect on Lever of blood platelet activate factor and blood fat on coronary heart disease with treatment of extractor of Ginkgo Biloba
Conclusion: Music therapy, psychological intervention and diabetes team treatment were deserved be recommended
(its sexual phase is Botryosphaeria Cas.), Dothichiza Lib., Cytospora Ehrenb. and Coniothyrium Sacc. presently are the most important forest pathogens in China.
the average vertical distances between both SMV and SMA with the horizontal line of the anterior verge of spinal cord were 41.30±8.90 mm and 40.10±8.20 mm, respectively
METHODS: Establishing rat's ANP model, 5 groups are involved which are the sham operation group, ANP group, CQCQD group, SS group and CQCQD combined SS group.
Study on the regulatory effects of hepatitis C virus on the expression of nascent polypeptide-associated complex α subunit gene
in a proces for preparing aromatic polyamine mixture which contain compounds of that formula ( I), where A and B are 1, 4-phenylene radicals each of which independently of one another can have 1 to 4 substituents selecte from C1-20 alkyls and
The reagent box includes: super-pure water, PCR reacting buffer 10X, dNTPs 10mM, Mg2+25mM, positive control DNA 100ng/mul, DNA marker, buffer 5X, CmmF1 20muM, CmmR2 20muM. PCR amplifying 44 bacteria to be tested by reagent box and Cmm producing specific amplified product with molecular weight 425bp.
STUDIES ON THE MUSCULAR SYSTEM OF PENAEUS DHINENSIS(O'SBECK) Ⅰ.ANATOMY OF SOMATIC MUSCLES
The sugar-free granulated sugar is free of sugar, sodium and fat; saccharinity of the sugar-free granulated sugar is close to that of sucrose; and the sugar-free granulated sugar is especially suitable for people with diabetes, obesity, hypertension, cardiovascular diseases and the like.
The biological library approach is limited to peptide libraries, while the other four approaches are applicable to peptide, non-peptide oligomer or small molecule libraries of compounds (Lam, K. S. (1 997) Anticancer Drug Des. 12:45).
The protein was expressed in the milk of goats transduced with Ad-E2his-sec vector and the purification was carried out by ion metal affinity chromatography
Epidemiological survey to identify the causes for non-treatment of HIV/AIDS cases with CD4 cell count less than 350/μL in Liangshan Prefecture of Sichuan
Determination of Urine Leucine Aminopeptidase by Continuous Monitoring Method and its Clinical Application
it can not only resist AIDS virus, but also increase that immunization function of patient substantially, and can eliminate the common symptom of AIDS patients.
Effect of Natural Borneol on Cerebral Amino Acid Neurotransmitters Contents in Mice
1. The central retinular cells R_7 in the compound eye of male housefly can be divided into two types which are called here R_(7a) and R_(7b) respectively.
At the end of the 28th day, both the blood pressure of T and P group(136.2? 7.09 mmHg, 138.3?.48mmHg) were significantly higher than that of C group(126.5?.3 mmHg, P<0.05
Firstly,σC gene of Avian reovirus was cloned and inserted into donor plasmid pFastBacHTA to obtain recombinant donor plasmid pFσC.Plasmid pFσC was transformed into E. coli DH10Bac for integration into bacmid vector and the recombinant bacmid plasmid BacmidσC was obtained.
preferred enteric polymers are the pharmaceutically acceptable methacrylic acid copolymers.
in one embodiment, that lase gun 10 injects the lase probe 14 and temperature probe 16 into breast tissue 38 in order to destroy a tumor mass 40 located within the breast tissue 38 of a patient 41 lye on an examination table 42.
A molecular phylogeny of eulophid wasps inferred from partial 18S gene sequences
the result were aggregated and statistically analyze using a two sample t test assuming unequal variance
Conclusions Adiponectin can promote the proliferation of the INS-1,ameliorate the oxidative stress level and protect them through P38 MAPK signaling pathway.
Objective To explore the association between the angiotensin-converting enzyme(ACE)gene I/D polymorphism and post-cerebral infarction depression(PCID).
the present inventor has found that that step of production of acrylic acid is enable to obviate the necessity for azeotropic distillation by using an acrylic acid-containing solution of high concentration
griseofulvin ultramicrosize
Analysis of influenza A (H1N1) epidemiological characteristics in Ningxia
THE DOMOMANT AND AGING CHANGING IN THE MOTOR SPEECH AREA OF HUMAN BRAIN
The hemodynamics determined car diac pump function,RT-PCR measured IL-1β mRNA expression in non-infarction reg ion,Western blotting determined IL-1β protein production.
These compounds include many important antibiotics, immunosuppressants, cancer chemotherapeutic agents, and other compounds possessing a broad range of biological properties.
Forest and grass survival rate is an index reflecting forest and grass survival condition after being planted, i.e. percent of survival quantity against total amount of trees and grass.
Observation on Therapeutic Effect of Treatment of Psoriasis Vulgaris with Yinyu Tang-A Report of 266 Cases
5. Octreotide can inhibit the expression of MMP-2 in hepatic W-256 tumor tissue by TAI and PVI.
mixed hyperlipidemia and hypetriglyceridemia group had higher prevalence rate of fatty liver and level of FFA than normal lipid group (P <0.01), mixed hyperlipidemia group had higher prevalence rate of fatty liver and level of FFA than hypetriglyceridemia group (P <0.05).
and cellulose gel
Does not have an example complication occurrence.
When a tone burst with a slow rising rate is delivered, the excitatory area is stimulated much later than the inhibitory area, so the inhibitory bombardment may arrive earlier than the excitatory one.
Results MMP-9 level was significantly higher in patients with ACS than in those of SCHD group(P<0.01)and normal control group(P<0.001). Plasma level of IL-18 was Signigicantly higher in patients with ACS than in those of the SCHD group(P<0.01)and normal controls(P<0.001).
Research on quality of life for inert malignancy patients treated with chemotherapy in older people
since benzene carboxylic acid are relatively soluble and naphthalene carboxylic acids are relatively insoluble, that crude aromatic acid mixture should comprise at least 94 wt. % of a crude benzene carboxylic acid and no more than 6 wt. % of a crude naphthalene carboxylic acid so that the result crude aromatic acid mixture has suitable solubility in the temperature range of 525-550. degree. F. ( 274-287. degree. C. ).
Teprenone-induced allergic purpura
Additional aims of the three-year project include: screening patients with LCA (GUCY2D) to develop an optimal clinical trial design;
MAP storage could delay the decline of organic acids by inhibiting malic acid metabolism during storage
Correlation Attacks and Correlation Immune Functions
Data obtained from a structure activity relationship study (SAR) aimed to identify residues crucial for antiviral activity are summarized in example 6 and show that the N terminal integrity of ALB408-423 is important for its antiviral activity.
Analysis of the results of radiotherapy combined with intrasheath injection of methotrexate for medulloblastoma
Prenatal exposure to maternal genital and reproductive infections and adult schizophrenia.
METHODS:Twenty-one cases(21 eyes) with fungal corneal ulcer were treated by fresh amniotic membrane transplantation and continuous ring lock shaped suture,combined with lesion debridement and antifungal agents.
in that prevention and treatment of otitis media in infant
In this research, suitable content of Potassium can improve drought-resistance of bluegrass cultivars.
Methods 123 patients with atrial fibrillation duration less than 90 days were enrolled in this study,and they were randomly allocated into propafenone or ibutilide group.53 patients were intravenously administrated with propafenone and 70 patients intravenously administrated with ibutilide separately.Conversion rate,conversion time and adverse effects were compared between the two groups.
Methods: 18 adult New Zeland rabbits were devided into 3 groups with 6 in each randomly.
Objective\ To determine the relationship between Bcl 2 and p53 gene expression and radiation sensitivity according to the biologic character of laryngeal carcinoma.
PF4 is Expressed in ApoE~(-/-) Mice Atherosclerotic Plaques and Regulates TLR2 Expression
Malignant obstructive jaundice is commonly treated by insertion of metallic stents in recent years
The hygienic disinfectant wet tissue is prepared through the following steps: preparing a wetting solution by utilizing the following components in percentage by weight: 0.1-10% of wood seed extract, 0-5% of humectant, 0-5% of antibacterial agent, 0-5% of decontaminant, 0-5% of emollient, and the balance of purified water; and soaking non-woven fabric cloth or cotton cloth into the wetting solution, or spraying the wetting solution on the non-woven fabric cloth or cotton cloth so as to obtain the hygienic disinfectant wet tissue.
Murashige, T. &D. P. H. Tucker, 1969, Growth factor requirements of citrus tissue culture. Proc. 1st Inter. Citrus Congress, 3: 1155-1161.
GABA levels were measured by the research team using magnetic resonance spectroscopic imaging (MRSI), a device typically used to diagnose metabolic and brain disorders
Clinic Analysis of Controlling Advanced Cancer Pain on 69 Cases by Ms Contin
In a separate embodiment, the DNA can be inserted into an expression cassette or transcription cassette.
Interaction between [(Me3Si)2N]3YbⅢ(μ-Cl)Li(THF)3 and 2 equiv of 1 in refluxed toluene for 24 hours，after recrystallization from toluene， gave an ytterbium(II) complex [η5:η1-3-(2-C5H4NCH2)C9H6]2YbⅡ(4) in 67% yield.
in another alternative embodiment of that invention, the LED 36, 38, 40 and 42 of the electronic flash 10 may include a combination of at least one fluorescent IR LED ( i. e., an LED that emits IR light use fluorescence) and at least one non-fluorescent visible color LED ( i. e., an LED that emits visible color light without using fluorescence) to produce output light having a wavelength spectrum in both the IR wavelength range and the visible wavelength range
Effects of males’ age on sperm apoptosis and DNA integrity
Study on pods fibrosis delaying of postharvest common bean by chitosan treatment
Minimally invasive approach for advanced malignant obstructive jaundice
Also, 15 percent of men with terminal cancer were still screened for prostate cancer, compared to 27 percent who were cancer-free
Previous studies showed that Po has some DETA adsorption capacity.
To examine the connection between learning and neurogenesis, all the animals were injected with BrdU at the start of the experiments.
Results The observation group total effectiveness is better than that of control group, after statistics analysis and comparison, the difference was statistically significant(P<0.05).
The survival ratio of the prawn larva in temporary culture reached 82%, increased by 30% more than that of the control group.
Accordingly, the initial reaction requires a conditions that ensure the annealing of the inner primers and the outer primers and the complementary strand synthesis reaction using these primers as origins.
spherical polymer particle
Conclusion Intervention closure can be used effectively and safely for treatment of secundum ASD in aged patients.
Methods 62 patients of subdural collection of fluid were included and followed up consecutively,according to the outcomes of follow-up,were divided into group with chronic subdural hematoma and group without chronic subdural hematoma ,the difference of age ,score of GCS,thickness and computerized tomographynumber of subdural collection of fluid after trauma were compared between the two groups.
Hence,canopy spectral parameters in visible region may provide an effective and feasible means of estimating canopy leaf nitrogen contents quantitatively in cotton field.
METHODS:Based on ADR Reporting and Responding System, ADR cases were collected from 2006 to 2008 retrospectively and analyzed statistically.
study on ionization mechanism of Vacumm arc evaporation source
Methods: 7 cases with UAPA diagnosed and treated in our hospital were analyzed retrospectively
in that invention, the hydroxy acrylic resin prepare from the first acrylic monomer and second acrylic monome has both low glass transition temperature and favorable strength; and the third acrylic monomer provides a crosslinkable functional group for the resin, thereby enhancing the temperature resistance of the resin
the second corresponding portions may correspond to greatest slope regions of the cardiac signal.
Investigation and Compilation of Bracketed Keys for Invasive Fishes in Upstream of Tarim River
Effect of trichlorfon on SOD was the greatest,followed by POD,and GSH-Px was the minimum.
RESULTS: The telomerase positivity rate was 80.6% for osteosarcoma, 85.7% for chondrosarcoma, 100% for malignant fibrous histocytoma, rhabdomyosarcoma and chordoma, and 11.1% for chondroma, respectively.
The effects of DSL ultrastructure of rats exposed to cerebeal ischemia-repefusion injury
The influence of 2450 MHz microwave radiation on molecular level of erythoroyte membranes of mice was studied
Relationship Between Pattern of Enhancement and Response of Hepatocarcinoma After Radiotherapy
These studies directly influence the alternative of modality in interventional therapy and therapeutic effect.
Chitosan/PVA blend films for the preservation of strawberry
Expression of heme oxygenase in the placenta and trophoblast cells of preeclampsia and their changes after intervention of DHAP
Experiments indicate that the invention has the function of the BAFF antagonist, can cure the autoimmune diseases, supplies the new and effective selection for the prevention and the cure of the autoimmune diseases.
The basic theory of the stress-generation model(SGM) was originated from the theoretic development of the cause effect and sustained effect.
Conclusion: The examination of MMP-9 and TIMP-1 in the organization may contribute to the judgment of the thyroid tumor and they can be used as an important reference for prognostic evaluation factor of thyroid cancer.
Some investigation indicat that pulse pressure (PP) is one of the independent risk factor of heart envents, and is the indicatrix to indicat sclerosis of blood vessels. Pulse pressure index (PPI) is also one of the indicatrix to evaluate the compliance of blood vessel similar with PP, and keep highly concordance with PP.
The Cardiofunctional Changes and the Role of DTE and DSE in Its Early Diagnosis on Dogs with Severe Myocardial Contusion
64 . the method of claim 62 , wherein the cutaneous pain is associated with an injury , disease or disorder of the skin , subcutaneous tissues and related organs .
The current status of the research on the relationship between hepatic fibrosis and apparent diffusion coefficient
Preoperative heart function was class II in 10 patients, class III in 38 and class lV in 16.Atrial fibrillation was presented in 54 patients
After the laser irradiation, the hair root sheath cells and matrix cells were damaged, then the follicle atrophy and the hair no longer regrows.
In this experiment in non-reproduction season,4.8 embryos on average were gotten from every embryo supply sheep and the maximum was 21 embryos. The gestational ratio was 86.67% for fresh embryo transplanting. The study reached national advanced level.
Effects of L-arginine on the hypothermic perfusion and on preservation of isolated pancreas in canines
The maximum left ventricular wall thickness(LVWTmax)was 27 35±2 13mm,and the superior segment of interventricular spetum was nonsymmetric hypertrophy.
The Quantitative Analysis of the Oxidants/Antioxidants in the Tissues of Lung Cancer Patients
Experimental Study of~3 H-indomethacin Concentration to the Tumor Tissue Selectively
The high molecular weight fibrinogen content in early acute myocardial infarction was higher than in CG. Correlation analyses showed that the fibrinogen was positively associated only with age and smoking(r=0.310 and 0.263,P<0.01).
STUDY ON RELATION SHIP BETWEEN 100-SEED WEIGHT AND METEOROLOGICAL CONDITIONS IN SPRING SOYBEAN
one surface of the implant is smooth and impervious so that when the implant is placed within the body , it may form a barrier .
such as those which cause plague ( yersina pestis), anthrax ( bacillus anthracis), and tularemia ( francisella tularensis); and fungi, such as coccidioidomycosis; as well as toxic product expressed by such microorganism; for example, that botulism toxin expressed by the common clostridium botulinium bacterium
Six-membered heterocycles useful as serine protease inhibitors
hepatic damage by that infection of Rovavirus on children
In addition, sample preparation in MMPA can be carried out using a liquid-handling system and thus the MMPA assay can be a high-throughput process and amenable to automation.
Cardiovascular conditioning strengthens the cardiovascular system by working large muscle groups and elevating the heart rate.
the present invention discloses the preparation process of high purity acarbose.the fermented liquid with acarbose is first separated in the first separation system to eliminate mycelium, soluble protein, culture medium and partial pigment to obtain clear acarbose filtrate;
Effect of ulinastatin on the expresion of mCD14 and HLA-DR of monocytes in peripheral blood in patients with acute lung injury
(1) 5 to 40 percent organic hydrocarbon defoaming mixture consists of organic hydrocarbon and superfine particles consisting of hydrophobic inorganic particles, a surface area of which is bigger than 50m2/g, and organic particles such as ethyl pillared double stearic amide (EBS), aluminum stearate, MQ silicone resin and so on;
Water reacts with the silane forming silanol groups
By means of orthogonal and single factor experimental methods, the influences of temperature, pressure and extraction time on the extraction ratio of procyanidins from hawthorn and ipuranol were investigated
b) at least one protein antigen, where at least 60% of the protein antigen is adsorbed to the aluminum salt adjuvant;
Changes of the anti-oxidation capability of rat model of Parkinson disease after acupuncture at subthalamus
Analysis on drug resistance and clinical distribution of 214 strains of nonfermentative gram- negative bacflli
R1 is H, halogen, alkyl, haloalkyl, alkoxy, amine or aryl optionally substituted with one or more substituents
in that case of 1, 3-butadiene as conj ugated diene, the " reversible diene adduct " are butenyl esters with any carboxylic acid present in the reaction mixture, thus mainly butenyl ester of 2-, 3- and 4-pentenoic acid, and mixtures thereof.
Analysis of NaHCO_3 Resistance to Transgenic Tobacco Harboring LEA Gene
The Analysis of Effects of Ruedi-Allgower Type Ⅲ Pilon Fractures
Clinical Studies of Medicine-separated Moxibustion Repeated at "Shenque" to Treat Lumbar Intervertebral Disc Protrusion
Objective] To investigate the effects of interferon-gamma (IFN-γ) on airway inflammation, T lymphoid cells in lung and serum IgE level in murin asthmatic models
In longterm toxicity experiment, the animals in both low and high doses (4.0 g·kg 1 or 8.0 g·kg 1 ) groups of Shenggu Capsule had normal diets, and no changes were observed in blood routine examination and biochemical blood test after administration for 180 days. Hyperaemia of heart, liver, kidney and brain is obvious and reversible, granular denaturation of liver cell is light in the pathology examination.
A study of the Brominated Synthesis of Flameretardant Bisphenol A Epoxy Resins
Study of FUS-CHOP Fusion Gene and Its Diagnostic Significance for Myxoid/round Cell Liposarcomas
3 months after treatment,curative effect of the two groups were compared.
is beneficial to prevent and cure syndrome of diabetes.
The substitution degree of the obtained chitosan quaternary ammonium salt product is 15-90 percent under the conditions that the mol ratio of the chitosam to the 2,3-glycidyl trimethyl ammonium chloride is between 1:4 and 1:10.
The Role of Nerve Conduction Testing in Nerve Muscle Examining
Allogeneic tissue grafts.
Accordingly, the negative control probe group 5 as a whole can function as the negative control probe.
SAP group: SAP was induced in male SD rats by the retrograde injection of 5% sodium taurocholate (1ml/kg) into the biliopancreatic duct.
subcortical gait disorder
the method can extract active components of the drug materials with high efficiency, remove impurity, improve the preparation level of the Chinese medicine preparation, protect the environment and is favorable for sustainable development.
Exploration of Establish Reference Range for Enzymatic Method Determination Serum Creatinine
the film was also subjected to TEM and electron diffraction analysis prior to cycling according to the procedure described above .
Objective Yersina enterocolitica and Brucella spp.are both high infectious and zoonotic bacteria.False-positive serological reactions due to infections with brucellosis are problems in tests for Yersinia enterocolitica especially serotype O:9.
the invention is featured by introduction of carbonic anhydrase in the source water or by transforming the water filled with carbonic dioxide into carbonic acid when led to pass a fixed carbonic anhydrase column ( bed ) or by placing granular carbonic anhydrase in the reactor, thus to accelerate generation of carbonic acid by thousand times higher and to greatly shorten the reaction time for generation of calcium ( magnesium ) bicarbonate from dissolution of calcium ( magnesium ) carbonate.
We detected nearly 600 spots on the gels with a pH 3-10 gradient and over 1000 spots on the gels with a pH 4-7 gradient when the proteins were visualized with colloidal Coomassie blue and analyzed by Z3 image software
since blood perfusion in tissue has no preferred direction and since the light is scattered several times at the passage from the sender fibre to the receiver fibres, doppler shift interference signals will be obtained having a statistical frequency distribution.
Analysis and Clinical Significance of ETV6 Rearrangement in Acute Myelogenous Leukemia -M4Eo
The pantothenic acid is the essential element in energy metabolism and tissue forming.
the stability of heparin modify human erythrocyte superoxiue dismutase in rabbit blood and its anticoagulative effect were studied
These may be substituted with a hydroxyl group, a halogen atom, or the like.
study on that induction of parthenogenetic activation in mouse oocytes by strontium and cycloheximide
Progresses of combining application of ultrasound-targeted microbubbles destruction and cationic polymers for enhancement of gene delivery
To investigate stability of tissue azithromycin levels, an additional group of four rabbits was treated for 24 hours, but corneal tissue was not removed until 24 hours later
The product was then further purified by prep HPLC and finally extracted with DCM/Na2CO3 (aq.) to give 193 mg (51.9%) of the compound.
In this paper, the periphery of projection of a molecule is described based on three-dimensional projection, and the new invariable was used for quantitative structure-activity relationship studies.
The single side antibacterial nonwoven material comprises a first web and a second web which are stacked and compounded, wherein a fiber modification antibacterial agent is added to the first web or the second web.
The experiment results showed that the antibody titer and immune organs index of group A were significantly different from those of group C(P< 0. 05),which improved that lu-dangshen could help Hy-line chickens improve humoral immunity level,enhance non-specific immune function,and promote the growth of their immune organs.
Determination of Three Constituents in Lidan Paishi Tablets by HPLC with Gradient Elution
We also found that GSD Ia patients present with greater numbers of HCAs that are more likely to be in a bilobar distribution than the general population
Analysis of the Clinical Effect of Biliary Stent with Surgical Drainage to Palliative Treatment of Malignant Obstructive Jaundice
Comparison of Results of PCR and Gram Staining Microscopic Examination for Chronic Gonorrhea
The changes of the CE/TG ratios were similar plasma LDL(low density lipoprotein), aorta LDL, and cerebrum lipid both in standard food feeding and 1% cholesterol feeding.
The rDNA-ITS sequence analysis suggested that the white aberrant phenotypes were identical to their wild types in sequences,but completely different from the isolates growing on other host plants.
Study of Chromogenic Reaction of Copper (Ⅱ) with α,β,γ,δ Tetra-(4-Pyridyl) Porphyrin
The RELPs and novel allelic restriction fragments of human oncogene c-sis for Hind Ⅲ. Sac Ⅰ. Pst Ⅰ, Pvu Ⅱ, MspⅠ were found.
Paraaminophenol and 4-phenylethynyl anhydride or 4-phenylacetylene phthalandione are processed through the cyclodehydration under the high temperature to generate N-(4-hydroxyphenyl)-4-phenylethynyl phthalimide which is an intermediate product;
THE STUDY ON THE FUNCTIONS OF HYDROXYPROPYL SESBANIA TITIANIUM GEL
④ The changes of Gq α mRNA expression and its protein level in skeletal muscle in rats of every drinking group are insignificant.
ZS-1T2979 failed to sporulate on both normal and alkalic PDA medium and it’s colony is white, while the other three did not show any significant difference from the original strain ZS-1. Our results showed that T-DNA inserted in a phenotypic control gene.
in this pap, that kinetics and mechanism of Cr ( Ⅵ) reduction by oxalate in the presence of illite are investigate
In C57Bl/6 and C3H mice, 8-10 weeks old, the growth phase (anagen) starts synchronously in all hair follicles at the time of depilation.
Bile tolerance, bile salt-deconjugation and cholesterol-assimilating ability of lactobacillus plantarum strains
study on that enantiomeric separation of atropine by high performance capillary electrophoresis
Clinical Observation on Cases of Obesity Treated with Acupoint Catgut Embedment
Malignant potential is,to our knowledge,considered to be the characteristics of the so-called epithelioid angiomyolipomas(EAMLs),which can only be demonstrated by immunohistochemistry examination.Surgical treatment of angiomyolipoma with IVC thrombus is the only potentially curative treatment.
supercapacitor with inner polymerization type gel polymer electrolyte and preparation process thereof
Exploration on rapid response and control of acute chemical poisoning in county-level CDC
At the same time,side effects such as pruritus,degree of sedation and extrapyramidal symptoms resulted from experimental drugs were also included.Results:Significantly less number of patients required PONV in Group A than in group B(P<0.01),while incidence of PONV in group A is significantly less than in Group C(P<0.01).
Effect of Substituents on the Two-photon Absorption Properties for Chromophores Based on Dithienothiophene
the amount and direction of movement of that patient to make the beam cent correspond to the target isocenter is determined
(4) inducing and culturing the lymph culture cell after which grows into a mono-layer with phaescolosaxin, the specific transfer factor for resisting new castle disease virus and antimicrobial peptide are obtained.
synthesis of alpha-hydroxy ketone
such as diabetes mellitus, cardiovascular disease and cancers, is widen year after year
The loss of water leads to an increase in the effective concentration of moisturizing agents, water-soluble skin benefit agents and thickeners, which in turn leads to an increase in the viscosity of the dried film and the perceived tackiness of the residue.
and (3) carrying out PCR using, with the amplified DNA being used as template, a second primer specific to the region containing p11.2 of chromosome 17 and a second primer specific to the region containing introl 3 of the MLL4 gene at q13.1 of chromosome 19.
Antitumor Mechanism Preliminary Studied by Proteome on Feiyanning Granule against Lung Cancer in Nude Mice
The examined targets were compliance,integrated efficacy evaluation,biochemistry parameters’ diversifications before and after treatment such as serum creatinine(SCr)、serum urea nitrogen(BUN) and clinical symptom score of TCM,the dates were treated by statistics.
METHODS: Ca2+-Mg2+-ATPase activity was detected with peacock-green calorimetric analysis in retinal tissue of diabetic rats at various time of diabetic course, and the relation of Ca2+-Mg2+-ATPase activity with level of fasting blood glucose (FBG), hemoglobin glycosylation (HbA1c) content, concentration of Ca2+ and Mg2+ in the retinal tissue, and the course of disease was studied
The Research on Screening, Isolation, Identification and Degradation Kinetics Abilities of Strains Capable of Degrading of the Organophosphorus Pesticides
lac shuttle vector, kit for expression of a heterologous gene and DNA vaccine carrier contain that same
obstetrical acute yellow liver atrophy
Methods:Two group cases were cured respectively by TMKN gels for desensitization and MDC 500 semi conductor laser therapeutic machine, which was used to evaluate prompt therapeutic effects and therapeutic effects in one month.
Sheep feed additive containing long-chain fatty acid for inhibiting Escherichia coli O157:H7
The reactions were filtered , the resins were washed with dichloromethane , and the solvent was then evaporated .
Conclusion Hospital mortality risk score and hospital mortality play an important role in GRACE to indicate the disease severity.
Objective: To evaluate different treatments for patients with hydrosalpinx in FET
The enalapril group of 26 patients(M 17, F9; age 39±s 9 a) received enalapril 10-20 mg/d for 6 mo
Conclusions Few accounts have been published of localized MPMA with distant metastasis.We,herein,described this case to help getting good knowledge of localized MPMA.When a localized peritoneal mass is encountered,localized malignant mesothelioma should be considered in the differential diagnosis.
Infants in the early functional residual capacity intervention group developed bronchopulmonary dysplasia less frequently
Methods:From 2004/1 to 2010/1,the clinical data of 186 patients with intrahepatic duct stones treated with hepatic resection and cholangioscopy were summarized and analyzed.
P_(204) (HDEHP) without C-P bond can extract both hydroxy-ferric ions and nonhydrolytic Fe(Ⅲ) ions but Cy_(272) with two C-P bonds can only extract hydroxy-ferric ions.
The results indicated that feeding frequency of Litopenaeus vannamei was significantly effected by survival rate, growth rate, feed coefficient, the nitrogen balance and part of immune enzymes activity.
Objective:To evaluate the effect of mental nursing on patients with cerebral apoplexy receiving rehabilitation therapy.
The Research of Prevent and treat the neutrocytopenia after chemotherapy by use Gran from the 48 hours postchemotherapy
The.about.1.1 kbp product is cloned into pUC18 digested with SmaI and dephosphorylated.
halogen, cyano, nitro, in each case straight-chain or branched alkyl, alkoxy, alkylthio, alkylsulphinyl or alkylsulphonyl having in each case 1 to 4 carbon atoms, in each case straight-chain or branched halogenoalkyl, halogenoalkoxy, halogenoalkylthio, halogenoalkylsulphinyl or halogenoalkylsulphonyl having in each case 1 to 4 carbon atoms and 1 to 9 identical or different halogen atoms, in each case straight-chain or branched alkoxycarbonyl or alkoxyiminoalkyl having in each case 1 to 4 carbon atoms in the individual alkyl moieties, as well as phenyl, which is optionally substituted identically or differently once or more than once by halogen, straight-chain or branched alkyl, straight-chain or branched alkoxy, straight-chain or branched halogenoalkyl and straight-chain or branched halogenoalkoxy having in each case 1 to 4 carbon atoms and optionally 1 to 9 identical or different halogen atoms, and
synaptic connection between calbindin d-28k- or parvalbumin-like immunoreactive terminals and parabrachial-projecting neuron in lamina ii of that trigeminal subnucleus caudalis in the rat
Methods Seventy-eight cases of NSCLC in Ⅲ/Ⅳ stage after initial therapy 44 cases were randomly divided into treatment group and 34 cases control group.
The tested polysaccharides by two extraction methods has strong ability to scavenge the stable free radical DPPH and shows a concentration-effect relationship.
it was shown that that serum of new born calf apparently inhibit propagation of DHV.
and, the resultant extract is washed at 30 to 80 deg.c for 30 to 90 minutes.
Moreover, the method is suitable for a typing of DNA upon a transplantation and an identification of a parent-child relationship.
Effect of Phorbol 12-Myristate 13-Acetate Induced Protein Kinase C Activation on the TorsinA Subcellular Distribution
They are categorized into 3 groups: 9 cases of penetrating wound group, 7 cases of nonpenetrating wound group, and 16 cases of iatrogenic injury group
Objective:To compare the clinicopathological characteristics,therapeutic response and prognosis between adenocarcinoma(AC)and squamous cell carcinoma(SCC)of the uterine cervix.
No significant difference were observed in the contents of crude protein,crude fat,ash,total amino acids,non-essential amino acids and delicious amino acids in the muscles between the wild and artificial cultured T. siluroides ( P > 0. 05) .
According to a particular embodiment of the present process, the modified tomato juice is a final product which meets the standards of tomato juice.
SYNTHESIS AND SURFACE ACIDIC PROPERTIES OF HYDROTALCITE LIKE COMPOUNDS AND THEIR POLYOXOMETALATE INTERCALATES;
in addition, said preparation contain one or more kinds of substance selected from a lower alcohol, a surfactant, a low molecular weight betaine, a humectant, a softener, a cell-activating agent, an antiinflammatory agent, an antioxidant, a blood circulation-promoting agent and a bleach agent.
Ultrastructural Changes in Vero Cell Cultures Inoculated with BV147
Research of Preoperative Diagnosis on CT NSCIC Mediastinal Lymph Node Metastasis
Objective To explore the characteristic of differential leukocyte counts in patients with latent autoimmune diabetes in adults and study correlation of differential leukocyte counts and blood fat.
Methods: The chest X-ray films and CT scanning of 22 cases of lung benign cavities with pathology or operation confirmed were reviewed. All patients were done CT plain, while 11 of them were enhancement by contrast medium injection
propagating the vector on a suitable cell line, and
Conclusion Dual-source CT coronary artery CTA imaging adopts prospective sequence scan technology which significantly reduce radiation doses and obtain satisfactory image quality,has important clinical diagnostic value for the crowd who whose heart rate are under 70/min and cannot accept high radiation dose.
Effect of yeast RNA on physical functions,morphology of hepatic cells and brain neurons in aged rats
Clinical observation on ulinastatin in treatment of sepsis
To investigate the relationship among simple obesity in children, insulin resistance and blood pressure
the experimental setup emulates the clinical situation where the pharmaceutical composition remains liquid for an extended period of time inside the nail holes in the case of laser pretreated nails to maximize the diffusion of the terbinafine into the nail.
We aimed to compare the prevalence of prediabetes when assessed by the new glycated haemoglobin A(1c) (HbA(1c)) 5·7-6·4% criterion or by impaired fasting glucose, and assessed differences in progression rate to diabetes between these two criteria for prediabetes in a Japanese population.
the present invention relate to a process for prepare crosslinked polymer particles at high solids level ( i. e., 40 wt
Results: serum SIL-2R content obviously increased, plasma CD+ 8 increased while CD+ 4 decreased after BDL.
individuals with pulmonary hypertension often have reduced levels of Nitric Oxide Synthase expression in their pulmonary vessels and benefit clinically from inhalation of Nitric Oxide .
in a typical reaction, that initial concentration of lactose ( glycosyl donor) and GlcN3beta; -OMe ( acceptor; compound VIII) were 7 and 3% ( w/V), respectively, in 75 ml of 50 mM sodium acetate, pH 6.0
Analysis of Hepatitis C in the Post-transfusion Hepatitis
Two different synthetic pathes of DBC (Dimethyl Benzyl Carbinol) were compared. Various factors that effect the Grignard reaction have been discussed. The proper technical condition is determined.
Experimental Studies of Cardiac Wall Movement and Exciting Sequence by Color Doppler Tissue Imaging
Expression of CCR5 in Breast Cancer and Its Relation with Node Metastasis of Cancer Cells
Methods Some chemotherapy mice were established by cyclophosphamide ip CY and other mice were given ARA-C with a lethal dose After ip or po of PIP;
STUDIES ON THE SYNTHESIS AND LUMINESCENCE PROPERTIES OF (Li, Ca, A)_2SiO_4 : Eu, Bi
Once a patient has exhausted all conservative therapy, the surgical options range from micro discectomy, a relatively minor procedure to relieve pressure on the nerve root and spinal cord, to fusion, which takes away spinal motion at the level of pain.
Objective To identify the deletion of the exon 7 in the survival motor neuron(SMN) gene in a patient with proximal spinal muscular atrophy (SMA) from Daye City of Hubei Province.
in summary, d4T-5'- [p-bromo-phenylmethoxyalaninyl phosphate] 6c and AZT-5'-[p-bromo-phenyhmethoxyalaninyl phosphate] 7c were identify as active anti-HIV agents which potently inhibit HIV replication in TK-deficient CEM T-cell without any detectable cytotoxicity.
f-PSA and t-PSA: PSA in PCa group is obvious higher than that of BHP group and normal group(P<0.01),while PSA in BPH group is also higher compared with normal group(P<0.01).
The experimental results prompt that the likely mechanism of liver protection about Shao Gan Duo Gan are (1) antioxidation, can inhance the activity of SOD, reduce the content of MDA in liver and mitochondria;
decocting Semen Platycladi, Stigma Croci, Semen sojae atricolor, Poria, Cordyceps, Fructus Lycii, Cacumen Platycladi, and Radix Polygoni Multiflori to obtain decoction; concentrating; mixing with the above volatile oil and potassium sorbate; and packaging.
The growth of cells was slowly in the hyaluronic acid and rat tail collagen groups.Albumin and urea contents also showed consecutive decline.
Subsequently, amplification of the nucleic acid sample is carried out in the amplification chamber section (A).
the present invention discloses one novel polypeptide, human synaptic channel related protein 15, polynucleotides encoding this polypeptide and DNA recombination process to produce the polypeptide.
vitamin and herbal supplements taken with prescribed medication can result in adverse reactions .
the result of in vitro culture showed that that wall adherence characteristic of FLB2C was abate and the growth of FLB2C was slower than that of ALA9702
Objective:To explore the pathogenesy of diabetic nephropathy through precise quantitation of BAX mRNA copy number in the renal cortex of uninephrectomized diabetic rats.Methods:The transcriptional level of BAX gene in the renal cortex of uninephrectomized diabetic rats and uninephrectomized rats are detected by real-time quantitative PCR with SYBR Green I as fluorochrome.Results:The transcriptional copy number of BAX gene in the renal cortex of uninep...
Then body weight,food intake,spontaneous activity,thymus index,spleen index,sucrose solution preference,immobility time induced by forced swim of animals were observed.Results:Compared with control group,body weight,food intake,spontaneous activity,thymus index,spleen index of animals in two experiment groups were decreased,sucrose solution preference,immobility time of animals induced by forced swim in two experiment groups were increased(P <0.
A monomer has the Formula I: wherein R1, R2, and R3 are each independently a C1-30 monovalent organic group, and R1, R2, and R3 are each independently unsubstituted or include a halogen, nitrile, ether, ester, ketone, alcohol, or a combination comprising at least one of the foregoing functional groups; R4 includes H, F, C1-4 alkyl, or C1-4 fluoroalkyl; A is a single bond or a divalent linker group, wherein A is unsubstituted or substituted to include a halogen, nitrile, ether, ester, ketone, alcohol, or a combination comprising at least one of the foregoing functional groups; m and n are each independently an integer of 1 to 8; and x is 0 to 2n+2, and y is 0 to 2m+2.
Results:The results from the intra-operative blood loss,Anus preservation of low rectal cancer,postoperative exhaust time,postoperative ure-thral catheterization time,the length of time in hospital after the operation,two groups have significant differences( P < 0. 05),with Statistical significance.
Results: Marfan Syndrome affect mostly bone, eyes, circulatory system and nervous system.
Microsurgery for Arnold-chiari malformation
Proliferating cell nuclear antigen(PCNA) is a assistant factor of DNA polymerase 8, participating in DNA synthesize, and playing a great role in regulation of cell cycle.
the original nasopharyngeal aspirate was inoculate onto a variety of cells
Effects of iptakalim hydrochloride on potassium currents in artery smooth muscles
The results showed that temperature 25-30℃, pH7.0, anaerobic and illuminated conditions were optimum for decolorization
The 1. 5 years follow-up showed that among the 31 patients,recovery of ONP was complete in 16 patients and partial in 12 patients,3 patients remained unchanged;the effective rate was 90. 3%,and the cure rate was 51. 6%.
Not only does the prepared edaravone lipid microsphere injection have simple process, low cost and easy industrial production, but also obviously improved stability compared with the existing edaravone injection.
DEVD AMC substrate cleavage and TBARS methods were used to measure the activity of caspase 3 and the content of lipid peroxide in right ventricular myocardium, respectively.
Genetic Variation in β_3-Adrenergic Receptor and Obesity, Type 2 Diabetes, Insulin Resistance in Chinese Pedigrees
Histological Structure of Si Chuan Rabbit Fur and Skin and in Different Procedures
there has been no studies in any other animal model to develop an assay to monitor impaired performance , fatigue and / or infection .
The results showed that: the four main factors order based on significant effect were : degradation temperature > degradation time > inoculation quantity > initial medium pH.
Results The echocardiogram and angiogram showed that the diameter of VSD was 6. 4- 9. 0 mm in the left ventricle side with an aneurysmal transformation and was 2. 1- 2. 9 mm in the right ventricle side.The distance from the upper rim of VSD to aortic valve was 2. 1- 3. 8 mm.
The development of phenotype is restricted by the geometry of plant vascular network.
The influences of n(SO3):n(naphthalene),gas volume fraction of SO3 and reaction temperature on content of α-naphthalene sulfonic acid were investigated.
Advantageous Effects of Invention According to the present invention, a body having a diffraction grating provided thereon and an optical adjustment layer are each composed of a resin-containing optical material, such that the difference between the solubility parameters of the two resins is no less than 0.8 [cal/cm3]1/2 and no more than 2.5 [cal/cm3]1/2.
01).The difference between the two groups was not significant in regard to drug-related adverse effects(P>0.05).
Gas Chromatographic Determination of C_2-C_ Aliphatic Acids in Bio-Gas Fermentation Liquids
Results The curative effect was significantly lower in therapeutic group than control group.
[4] The binder composition for a non-aqueous secondary battery according to [3], wherein the binder made of the copolymer is particles having an average particle size of from 10 to 500 nm.
Distribution of L-type calcium channels on outer hair cells among various turns of guinea pig cochlea
Conclusion : the sperm nuclear basic protein could be an important parameter in the assessment of male fertility
On the base of Am1 and INDO/CI methods, according to the sum-over-states expression, we devise the program for the calculation of nonlinear second-order optical susceptibilities β_(ijk) and perform the study of molecular devices, i.e. on the base of phenol blue, examine the effect of variation of substituents, which are in the phenol ring, and the effect of ring closing with different atoms on the second-order optical nonlinearity.
Immature female mice, after being given PMSG 48 hours, was given hCG to induce ovulation. ~3H-tyrosinc was given at different intervals before and after ovulation. Autoradiographic observations of the distribution of ~3H-tyrosine in follicles in different stages and corpus luteum at different funetional status showed that the larger the follicles, the more the ~3H-tyrosine distributed in them, and the amount of ~3H-tyrosine in the atresia follicle was bigger than in other types of follicle...
In order to evaluate the usefulness of HSV type-specific PCR in the diagnosis of urogenital HSV infections, and to investigate the prevalence of the disease in the patients with different syndromes, 132 specimens taken from typical GH patients, 53 samples from atypical genital lesions (including fissure, folliculitis, balanitis, etc
Conclusions CK-MB activity,prevalence of diabetes,incomplete STR,BNP at 7 days after PCI were independent risk factors for LV remodeling in patients with AMI.
The understanding of the functional roles of mucin and the regulatory ste...
During SARA period,the peripheral blood LPS concentration increases,which can lead to systemic immune responses and metabolic alterations.
N-acetyl-L-tryptophan alleviates the apoptosis induced by H2O2 of mice PHNs
Objective To evaluate the application of self-service cystourethrography with infant foley catheter in the diagnosis of urethral stricture.
example : administration of an alpha-glucosidase inhibitor ( such as acarbose ) + simethicone Simethicone or another anti-foaming agent can be used to ameliorate effects of excess gas in the intestinal tract .
in addition, that pain suffer may be motivated to embellish or diminish the chronic pain for purpose unrelated to the pain itself.
THE EXPRESSION CHARACTER OF DEFENSE ENZYMES AND SOLUBLE PROTEINS IN THE EARLY INTERACTION BETWEEN SOYBEAN AND Cercospara sojina
Methods:Total flavonoids content,in the sample solution of Lonicera similes Hemsl,detected by UV spectrophotometry,at the same time,Chlorogenic Acid detected by HPLC.
The symptoms scores,expanded disability status scale(EDSS) and quality of life(QOL) were observed before and after treatment.
Platelet Activation and its Protein Kinase B Activity in Patients with Coronary Heart Disease
Significance of assessment of serum E-selectin levels in patients with acute coronary syndrome
Clinical observation of high dose naloxone on children acute intensive virus encephalitis
The inhibition of angiogenesis by Shenmai combined with hydroxycamptothecin
doses of PF provided to a patient at each treatment (injection) episode;
5. Solid film-forming compositions according to claim 1, characterized in that the native and modified starches contain an amylose content below or equal to 25% by weight with respect to the total weight of starch implemented.
The drug therapies were well tolerated
Raising Health Education Quality of Hypertension Patients with Nursing Proceduer
Surgical Treatment of Tetralogy of Fallot with Pulmonary Atresia
A soluble form of ACE has been detected in many biological fluids such as serum, seminal fluid, amniotic fluid and cerebrospinal fluid.
Observation and Nursing of Complications after Implantation of Artificial Cardiac Pacemaker
Provided are a template for manufacturing a nanoparticle, a method for preparing a nanoparticle using the same, and the nanoparticcle and a nanoparticle complex prepared using the method.
The term nucleic acid molecule,
(2) collecting the supernatant and analysis of bacterial titer;
the total mortality rates for women are no different from those for men, while there is a significant difference in premature mortality rates.
CONCLUSION:Ligustrazine has an protective effect on the brain injury in rats with acute epilepsy.
the pressure difference between the artery and vein are sufficient to provide the necessary driving force to perfuse the blood through the device and establish a high enough transmembrane pressure to allow the required fluid to be removed from the blood using the small membrane surface area incorporated into the device.
The results indicated that the abnormal rate of SLSEP of supralentorial tumors was 81. 00%,especially the abnormal rate of fronto-parietal tumors and deep site of hemisphere was highest it was also observed that the sbnormal rates of SLSEP of malignant tumors were higher than that of benign.
Genes of inducers of inflammations are, for example, of IL-1, IL-2, RANTES (MCP-2) monocyte chemotactic and activating factor (MCAF), IL-8, macrophage inflammatory protein I (MIP-1.alpha., -.beta.), neutrophil activating protein-2 (NAP-2), IL-3, IL-5, human leukemia inhibitory factor (LIF), IL-7, IL-11, IL-13, GM-CSF, G-CSF, M-CSF,
The cDNA had been made "5'-RACE-ready" by ligating an anchor sequence to the 5' ends of the cDNA fragments.
sixty - eight patient underwent neoadjuvant therapy and subsequent liver transplantation. arterial complication arose in 21 %; portal venous complications arose in 22 %; and overall, 40 % developed vascular complications
In this regard, it is noted that Type 2 diabetes may in many cases be characterized by the gradual death of pancreatic beta cells over time through an immunological mechanism, i. e, by lymphocytes which slowly, over many years and even decades, effect or aid in the destruction of pancreatic beta cells and thereby bring about the onset and progression of Type 2 diabetes.
Intrathecal midazolam with bupivacaine in patients increases the analgesic effects of spinal blockade
In 11 patients 16 concomitant diseases have been registered (Table 6).
Adjustment for relevant covariates (age, sex, smoking, alcohol consumption, exercise, and diabetes status) did not change the significance of observed association in Malays but slightly reduced the significance in Indians.
Methods A total of 20 normal adult male SD rats were divided into 4 groups: the normal control group (group N), normal rats with GK treatment group (group NR), tumor group (group T) and GK treatment for the tumor group (group TR
Clinical Features and Correlative Immunologic Mechanism of Autoimmune Urticaria
influence of menstrual and reproductive factor on that risk of lung cancer
hybridization of such sequences may be carried out under conditions of reduced stringency or even stringent conditions ( e. g . , conditions represented by a wash stringency of 0.3 M NaCI , 0.03 M sodium citrate , 0.1 % SDS at 60 C or even 70 C to DNA with the sequence given herein as SEQ ID NO : 1 using a standard in situ hybridization assay .
Objective To investigate the distribution and drug resistance of Acinetobacter baumannii,and to provide evidence for the effective treatment of infectious diseases.
in that 8th aspect of the invention, it provide a method for determining the disease related to Rhor abnormal expression ( e. g., baldness) or the susceptibility thereof, which comprises detecting the mutation of Rhor encode sequence
Study on Preparation and Characteristic of Swollen Polymeric Aggregate
Fig. 20B is a close-up view from the perspective of the distal end of left atrial member 184 hooking into the left atrium.
A rigid connection is established between the screw 7 and the first bone plate 1, by which means the second bone plate 2 is also brought into rigid connection to the first bone plate 1.
Methods The clinical data of 54 elderly patients with hypothyroidisim whose disease was misdiagnosed in our institute from June 2003 to December 2009 were retrospectively analyzed.
Follicle Stimulating Hormone Receptor Targeted Nanoparticulate Chemotherapeutic Drug Delivery System for Ovarian Cancer
Acute Leukemia Bone Marrow Cells in Remission’s Patients with CD Antigen Expression and the Affect of Proliferation by Modified Preparation of Qing Hao Bie Jia Soup
Objective To discuss the effective method to correct anterior maxillary mal development in cleft palate patients
According to still another aspect of the invention a use of the system, computer-readable medium, or method according to any one of the appended claims 1-18, for diagnosis and staging of epithelial early cancer aberrations is provided.
a Chinese medicament for treating leukemia,
Objective To study the optimum process of extracting polysaccharide in Ligusticum chuanxiong Hort
As we all know, the predisposing factors of vitiligo, in which there is the spirit of neural elements.
Methods 89 patients with age in the 35~59 years old diabetic patients in routine drug treatment at the same time,given the diet health education,comparative education before and after the patients on health knowledge understanding and the effect of diet.
Synthesis,characterization of Zinc(Ⅱ)glucose oligosaccharide acids and controlling effect on tobacco viral disease
include acute administration, of an effective, non-toxic amount of a glucose uptake enhancer to a human or non-human mammal in nee thereof.
Their biological activities are due to hydrolysis products released by the action of myrosinase .
The present study have observed the fine structure of the neuroglial and neuronal processes of the hippocampal neuropil in the rats by using the technique of electron microscopy.
the proces has been repeated with pollen from tobacco and soybean with essentially that same pollen survival rates, germination frequency and tube growth kinetics
The comparative study of efficacy on domperidone poly I:C and omeprazol in treatment of Helicobacter pylori negative chronic superficial gastritis
A double-blind, randomized, active comparator, parallel-design study conducted at 17 study centers (5 in the United Kingdom, and 12 in the United States) compared 2 weeks of therapy with Cip with either an inhaled tobramycin solution or placebo in 53 adults with know
She thinks the pathogenesis key is deficiency of kidney and imbalance of Yin and Yang.When treating patients of late menstruation,she pays more attention to the kidney and the imbalance of Yin and Yang,and the drug use is flexible.She treats the same disease in different types with different methods,encourages to use decoctions and pills together and enlightens patients.In all this way,the laws of menstrual cycle can be established.
Clinical evaluation of VITEK2 advanced expert system for detection and analysis of beta-lactam phenotypes in common bacteria
Thus non-specific amplification can be reduced or eliminated.
The reagent kit of the present invention predicts the susceptibility of the individual to the lung cancer through detecting the gene carrying type of the SNPs loci on the PARP1 gene, the ERCC2 gene and the XRCC1 gene of the individual synchronously.
Acommon trunk for the right and left bronchial arteries waspresent in 20%,bronchointercostal trunks in 53.3%.
Conventional treatment group of 54 patients with client all appear different degree choke cough,labored breathing and body moving and other adverse reaction,after check all feel pain and mental trauma.
in particular, that invention relate to ligands, homopolyligands, and heteropolyligands that modulate PP1 activity
in one or more embodiment, that functionalizing agent employed to functionalize the polymers are limited to mono-functional terminate agents, and therefore coupling of the pseudo-living polymers is limited.
Determination of Tetrahydroxystilbene-2-O-β-D-Glucoside in Huangjing Zanyu Capsule by HPLC
(a) the galactanase encoding part of the DNA sequence cloned into plasmid pYES 2.0 present in Saccharomyces cerevisiae DSM 9983;
Most preferred are the genera Saccharomyces cerevisiae, Pichia pastoris, Hansenula polymorpha, Schizosaccharomyces pombe, Kluyveromyces lactis, Zygosaccharomyces rouxii, Yarrowia lipolitica, Emericella nidulans, Aspergillus nidulans, Debaryomyces hansenii and Torulaspora hansenii.
There was significant difference( P <0.01) in average osteophyte length between radiographs made in acromion tangented anterior poterior position and those made with shoulder anterior posterior with x ray beam tilted 30-degree caudad after tested with t examination.
The invention provides a new purpose of medicaments of Dachaihu granules, and the curative effect for treating acute esogastritis and esoenteritis is favorable.
investigation of prevalence rate of metabolic syndrome in that 3 311 middle age and old persons in the institution of Liuzhou
Methods: Neonatal rat cardiac fibroblasts were isolated
The morphology of the femur and uterus were observed after HE staining.
Stronger acids such as hydrochloric acid , nitric acid and sulfuric acid may be used but are less preferred .
Effect of bronchoalveolar lavage by bronchofibroscope in patients with respiratory failure caused by drowning for mechanical ventilation
mentagrophytes,E. floccosum and C. albicans were at 1:10 ,and M.canis at 1:1 respectively,metabolites produced by the four strains induced significant elevation of IL- 8 and IL- 6 by the cells(P<0.01).
Injury of T 10 spinal cord was induced by modified Allen?s method and the expressions of bcl 2 mRNA and protein were observed by in situ hybridization, immunohistochemical analysis and image quantitative analysis.
PART 1 Experimental research in eIF2α, the substrate of caspase 3 in hippocampal neuron of epileptic modelObjective: This investigation is aimed to explore the possible role of caspase 3 and eIF2α in the apoptosis of hippocampal neuron of epileptic model
These results show that Error Prone PCR can be used to create Zeocin marker proteins that convey high selection stringency in mammalian cells.
Results:The implementation of new resuscitation of newborn was helpful to the survival of neonatal asphyxia.
The Phase Morphology and Electro-optical Properties of UV Cured PDLC Film
Cerebral damage aggravated by hyperglycemia in experimental brain ischemia rats
The present invention relates to a photoresist composition and, more particularly, to a photoresist composition that includes a polymer having at least one monomer that includes an acrylate or methacrylate group and further includes at least one fluoroalcohol group.
in addition to such naturally occur substances, for example, those obtain from such sources as ATCC or Gene bank ( GenBank) libraries, and synthetic compositions, i. e., nucleic acid-like material, may also be included
LOCAL EXCISION FOR LOW RECTAL CANCER
Experimental Study on Treatment of Cerebral Ischemic Rats by Umbilical Cord Blood-Derived Mesenchymal Stem Cells
the remaining sections of the stented arterial segments will be impregnated with three changes of methy methacrylate as described by van Beusekom et al . ( Cardiovasc Pathol 5 : 69-76 ( 1996 ) , incorporated herein by reference ) .
BES showed obvious regulation on IL-13 with no significant difference when compared with the model group(P>0.05
The synergistic effects of arsenic trioxide and INF on inducing apoptosis of A431 cells was more obvious,as compared with that of using simple arsenic trioxide or INF.
interaction of iron and vitamin a in broiler
Experimental study on reformation of distal splenorenal shunt
Study on Liquid-Liquid Extraction of Furfural Aqueous Solution
Production of Protein feedstuff was studied with Aspergillus Niger SA119and Trichosporon cutaneum ST851 on the starchy waste by solid state fermentation (SSF) .
histopathological analysis of 126 case of chronic gastritis
A Study on Hepatitis C Genotype Based on Simmonds' Classification by Using Restriction Endonuclease Method
Experiment on the effect of He-Ne Laser on the Epidermis of Mouse's Tail
Value of Time-Voltage QRS Area of the 12- lead Electrocardiogram for Detecting Left Ventricular Hypertrophy
{0}Critical anchorage during orthodontic treatment in the mandible needs both time and effort and patient compliance.{1}
include acrylic acid polymer selected from that group consist of poly, ethylene acrylic acid co-polymer, poly, poly, poly and mixtures thereof.
Because of interactions between the fluide and the formation media, interfacial phenomena are very strong, so the interfacial phenomenon in porous medium with low permeability can not be especially ignored, and media adsorption, capillary condensation, capillary pressure and so on which are related to interfacial phenomena will affect the phase equilibrium and percolation.
Behavioral Problems in Children with Bronchial Asthma
PCR cloning PCR
An increased liberation of the fluorescent dye in the uninhibited reaction is observed as a measure of the enzyme activity.
The invention belongs to the technical field of pharmaceutical chemistry, relates to a preparation method of polymer polypeptide, and discloses a method for preparing glatiramer acetate.
Effect of nursing intervention on single child with schizophrenia curative effect and insight
· Invasive aquatic species:
Observation on therapeutic effect of Chorhexidine to treat elderly male patients with red swelling of the skin of penis induced by urinary incontinence
We have moved cane toads, wild pigs, mice, rats, weeds, sparrows, pavement ants and thousands of other species around the world with us
in general, FIDDI set a flag in a given cardiac cycle that is valid for a subsequent consecutive cardiac cycle.
Objective The study contrasts the different effection between Prograf and cyclosporine after renal transplantation applying treatment of immunosuppressive agent
The hearing loss of C-group was severest, up to 70 dB;
A retrospective study of 6patients with pediatric congenital complex coarctation of aorta (CoA) was conducted from July 200to July 20Their age was 2d-years with a mean of 6years.
Methods: 100 mandibular second premolars were scanned by Micro-CT.After reconstruction,the specimens with branch canals were selected and the incidence of branch canals were calculated,and the location,and direction of opening of branch canals were studied.
The positive rates of P27 protein were 55.17% in colorectal carcinoma and 96.55% in normal mucosa(P<0.01).
solid State synthesis of PbO nanorod
In0.05mol/L HCl medium, a sensitive second derivative peak of nitrosation priduct appears at about -0.72V(vsSCE) ,the peak height is proportional to the concentration of nitrite in the range of 8.71×10~(-8)~4.3×10~(-6)mol/L.
Clinical evaluation of pfm post crown for anterior teeth fabricated by two different methods
05).Conclusion:Lycopene show a marked reductive effect on the capillary permeability,lung wet/dry weight ratio,MPO activity of lung tissue and suppress the up-regulation of the expression of BMP-4 mRNA,relieve capillary membrane injuries during prophase and may improve the restoration of lung tissue during anaphase of ALI in rats,has protective effects on lung in ALI rats.
Research on the Tendon Modeling Techniques in Virtual Anterior Cruciate Ligament Reconstruction
Methods 29 cases with anal canal rectum embedded foreign body that treated from 1994 to 2010 were collected.The patient history,signs,auxiliary examination,operation treatment and recovery were analyzed retrospectively.
include selecting" 654" as male parent and self-selection sterile line" 21A" as female parent, sow in proper season, proper row spacing, rational close plan and removing impurities and poor plants
A skin-moistening cream, belonging to skin-protecting cosmetic, is prepared up with alcohol maceration liquid of liquorice root, glycerin, human serum albumin, honey and distilled water by proportionally mixing them together.
THE STUDY ON THE MECHANISM OF ACUTE CEREBRAL INFARCTION IN RATS WITH THE THERAPY OF SCALP ACUPUNCTURE COMBINED WITH REHABILITATION
HSP70-hom polymorphism and susceptibility to childhood Henoch-Schonlein purpura
substitute dihydropyrazolones and use thereof as HIF-prolyl-4 -hydroxylase inhibitor
Any use of ipratropium within the 6 months before the index date was associated with an increased risk of stroke compared with nonuse.
Advance in immunopathogenesis of juvenile idiopathic arthritis
Conclusion The effect of atorvastatin in treating atherosclerosis in elderly hypertension is good, can effectively improve the patients with arteriosclerosis, worthy of the clinical promotion and application.
Meanwhile, intriguing new research suggests that women and men experience a natural drop in libido after the birth of a child; as levels of sexy hormones, including testosterone, diminish, levels of the cuddly hormone oxytocin rise
and polyhydroxyamides.
Additionally or alternatively, the promoter may be a tissue-preferred promoter, i.e.one that is capable of preferentially initiating transcription in certain tissues, such as the leaves, roots, seed tissue etc.Promoters able to initiate transcription in certain tissues only are referred to herein as "tissue-specific".
The bimetallic compounds of formula 12 are possibly combined with an organometallic compound of formula 13, i.e., [M4R19q]k, in which M4 is an element of main Group I, II, or III of the periodic table of the elements, R19 is the same or different and represents a hydrogen atom, a halogen atom, a C1-C40 carbon-containing group, an alkyl group of from 1 to about 20 carbon atoms, an aryl group of from about 6 to about 40 carbon atoms, arylalkyl of from 7 to about 40 carbon atoms, and alkylaryl of from 7 to about 40 carbon atoms, q is a whole number from 1 to 3, and k is a whole number from 1 to 4
The patients of the treatment group were given the Self-prescribed Knee Arthralgia Prescription combined with Jiajing Tuizhou Qianxi massage,and the control group was given Glucosamine Sulfate Capsules by oral administration in addition to the routine massage therapy.In 2 months treatment,the scores of WOMAC each symptom and sign were compared before and after treatment for patients between two groups.The efficacy was evaluated.
since that reflector both focus the radiation beam ( 20 ) and fold it within the body ( 30 ), a very compact write and/or read unit is obtained.
inhibition of vascular endothelial growth factor antibody on growth and angiogenesis of human osteosarcoma
Course application of Thiotriazolin at patients with clottage of eye retinal veins results into augmentation of ATP level in blood erythrocytes on the background of the content increase of its precursors - ADP and AMP reduction.
A clinical analysis on trichloroethylene induced epispasis-like dermatitis complicated with staphylococcal scalded skin syndrome
it also can be used to prevent the transfer of a steroid having two hydrogen atoms at position 3 of the steroid skeleton, such as desogestrel, allylestrenol, ethylestrenol, or lynestrenol from the tablet or granule to the environment
Results:Observed in the group of patients postoperative binocular alignment in 37 cases,35cases of control group,two groups had no significant difference(P>0.
P236L viral reverse transcriptase is obtained by PNAS 90: 4713-4717 (1993).
Method For 18 patients(36 eyes) with VKC,characterized by large papillary hyperplasia,refractory to medical treatment,were treated with microwave coagulation therapy to become white and shrinking methods.
A preliminary study on the lamin gene of Euglena gracilis
a gastric [duodenal] ulcer
Study on the Decolorization Technology of Ginkgo Polysaccharide by Resins
(5) t(6;ll)(q27;q23) acute leukemia had unique clinical features and poor prognosis. (6) chromosome painting technique is a reliable tool for the detection of t(6;ll)(q27;q23).
The Raman spectrum has been assigned. The 925,818,777cm-1 vibration is the stretch of the WO4 unit ;
Results Diseases or abnormalities of which the detection rate ranked top five were overweight and obesity,hyperplasia of mammary glands,fatty liver,hypertension and abnormal blood lipid with a respective detection rate of 46. 28%,28.64%,23.45%,14.
A new gravimetric method has been developed for the determination of tantalum by wei ghing of(C_6H_5)_4AsTaF_6 (TPATaF_6) which is a white needle with good thermal stability. Tetraphenylarsonium chloride hydrochloride as a highly selective precipitant for fluorotantalate is suggested.
27 patients ( 96.4%) were satisfied with their voice quality.
Clinical analysis of forty-eight cases with primary biliary cirrhosis and liver failure.
Of these 13, none had cirrhosis or extensive fibrosis (F3 or F4) and only three had moderate activity
Sickness and maternity insurance: workers and pensioners are titled to benefits in cash and in kind such as: medical diagnosis and dental, surgical, hospital and pharmaceutical treatment and rehabilitation for up to 52 weeks for the same illness; alternatively, in cases of ambulant patients and pensioners, the treatment will continue until a cure is achieved.
Study on Relationship between the Occupational Lead Exposure and the Activity of Urine γ-GT
This embodiment is designed to be worn by one potentially in need of receiving a dose of the therapeutic material of the patch.
Alkyl mono- and oligoglycosides having 8 to 22 carbon atoms in the alkyl radical and ethoxylated analogs thereof
include sex education, treatment of RTIs/sexually transmitted disease and infertility into its activities;
Clinical application of nonfusion posterior lumbar fixation system
Clinical application of prosthesis
The results revealed that the collagen type Ⅰ and Ⅲ had the same distribution pattern. In normal rat liver, the quantity of PⅢP was significantly less than:that of collagen type Ⅰ and Ⅲ in portal triads(P< 0. 01) and more abundant in sinusoid(P< 0. 01, P< 0. 05 respectively). We deduced that in sinusoid,, he leading component was newly synthesized col- lagen, while the mature collagen
Permanently recurring infections by these micro-organisms lead to serious pathological changes in the respiratory system and premature death.
in particular that poxviral vector may comprise additional retroviral gene selected from hiv gag
Results Verified by sequencing,the recombinant plasmid pENTR/U6-shRNA,pcDNA3.1(+)-hPPE and lentiviral vector pLenti-CMV-hPPE-U6-shRNA were all constructed successfully.
Primary study on vegetation succession of saline land in the bird island of Qinghai Lake
soak wheat bran with 40% ethanol in a sealed glass container in shadow for 7-10 day, changing 40% ethanol solvent once per day, mixing soaking solution, concentrating, and adding vaseline and lanolin as neutral matrix to make into ointment, wherein that content of wheat bran extract is about 25
in one example, this combination is use in treatment to reduce tumor cell contamination of peripheral blood progenitor cells ( PBSC ) in conjunction with high-dose chemotherapy and autologous stem cell support ( HDC-ASCT ).
the DNA sequence data show that that ScFv gene included 783bp, encode 261 amino acids
Ultrasonic cavitation could influence the absorbance of KI solution, so the relationship between ultrasonic frequency, intensity with ultrasonic cavitation was obtained
With the increase of DMPA concentration emulsion viscosity decreased, storage modulus increased, loss modulus increased in higher shear rate and particle size decreased
Acyl thiourea compound containing 1-methyl cyclohexyl as well as preparation method and application thereof
spiegler-Brooke tumor
Methods 264 cases of patients who received the CT angiography because of chest pain.All the patients had accepted the test of HbA1c.The patients were divided into 2 groups according to the HbA1c level,namely HbA1c≤ 5. 5% group and 5. 5%
According to Kabat's classification, VH and VL are member of mouse Ig variable gene heavy chain subgroup Ⅱ (A) and light chain subgroup Ⅲ, respectively
[Conclusion] Tumor capsule formation,serum a-fetoprotein(AFP) level,large vascular invasion,liver cirrhosis are independent prognostic factors for prognosis of PCCCL.
Search on Relationship Between the Polymorphism of GPⅢa Analyzed by TaqⅠand Cerebral Infarction in Suzhou Han Population
Conclusion If Ppeak excesses 27 cm H_2O, and there is a increase more than 60% of the baseline in Ppeak and bronchial cuff volume is less than 60% of the baseline when switching from TLV to OLV, it should highly be doubted that the DLT has been inserted too deep
Using He Ne laser (λ=632 8nm, W=9mW) to irradiate Bacillus licheniformis H 5 which produces 1 22IU/ml α acelolactate decarboxylase (ALDC) The irradiate time was 10min, 20min, 30min and 40min respectively The results of irradiation shows that the 10min irradiation could activate its spore germination and accelerate its growth;
The research advance on Bursin
Examples of such assays include ELISA or a radioimmunoassay.
The doctor is effectively trying to estimate a position, length, shape and degree of tension that will cause a subjective improvement in sensation, range of motion or pain relief in the patient.
Conclusion The study is to provide anatomical parameters about endoscopic optic canal decompression,when the bone wall of the optic canal is removed,the region dura shoud be aut at the upmard side of the medial wall.
Transverse images and three-dimensional images of CTU in these 37 cases were studied retrospectively for the accuracy of location and nature of the lesion,and the findings were compared with the surgical and pathological results or with clinical data.
Research on Lactobacillus Selenium Endurance
For the ICG fluorescence image signal after the filter process and the luciferase fluorescence image signal after the filter process, magnitudes and directions of their density gradients (S3
The present invention also provides DNA vaccines containing polynucleotide sequences encoding the polypeptides, polypeptide fragments, and fusion proteins of the present invention.
The urine protein levels of 24 hour urine in all rats were detected on the seventh day of molding: urine protein >30mg/24h for MCNS of successful modeling.
Results:This drug could significantly suppress xylene-induced mouse ear edema(P<0.05)and markedly decrease the writhing times of mice induced by acetic acid(P<0.01).
Traditional Chinese Medicine to Reverse Multidrug Resistance of Gastric Cancer
The results demonstrated that well-crystallized AACH was prepared by the optimum mole ratio of reactants,high aging temperature and addition of PEG-400. The conversion and desulfurization of DBT over prepared Ni-Mo-P/γ-Al2O3 catalyst were obviously enhanced,compared with the catalyst supported by tradition γ-Al2O3.
The Preparation of Cuttlebone/Bone Morphogenetic Protein Composite and the Experimental Study on its Action of Osteoinduction
Since the Cys(135)->Ser does not to affect the peptide's ability to bind to A (Sette, et al. (1989) J. Immunol. 142:35-40), it may form an antigenically novel Th determinant which is not recognized by Th specific for the native S2 determinant.
Methods:80 cases of surgery in elderly hypertensive patients for the study were randomly divided into two groups,control group of 40 people seem to use epidural anesthesia,anesthesia group were observed based on the use of intravenous anesthesia,a comparative analysis of two sets of general information,anesthesia and the time of blood pressure,heart rate control of the situation.
A high level(98%) of concordant results was obtained with 272 clinical samples with herpetic lips assayed in parallel with and without the internal control.
MethodsPreoperative bolus-chase MRA and angiography (DSA) were performed consecutively in 31 diabetic patients with suspected lower limb vascular occlusion.
Tumor hemorrhage after Gamma knife treatment
viral hepatitis is any type of liver inflammation caused by a viral infection .
Association of substance P and vasoactive intestinal peptide concentration in plasma with smoking index in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease at remission
Three bacteria strains with capsule were isolated from diseased and died Sika and were identified as Listeriosis by morphology,biochemical technology,animal test and molecular biology.
A preferred route of administration is topical.
Methods: Perform knee adhesion lysis to treat 8 patients with arthroscope
include that expression carrier of selective mark gene and SV40 ori and the cell strain for expressing SV40 T antigen and supporting the copy of expression carrier
SUMMARY OF THE INVENTION The present invention provides for an antiskinning composition including about 80 to about 90 weight percent of an organic oxygen scavenger and about 10 to about 20 weight percent of at least one drying accelerator.
Study on Intensifying Recovery of Crude Oil with Biological Enzyme
When these signs are compared with bacteriologic identification of the offending organisms or pathologic evidence of infection on microscopic examination of the placenta, more than 50% of the cases are false-positive.
Synthesis of O-Alkylphenylthioureidophosphonothioates--A Study of the Compounds Including P-C Bonds
The results showed the optimal extraction conditions were as follows:extraction temperature of 35℃,extraction pressure of 30MPa,80% ethanol flow rate of 0. 2mL/min,extraction time of 2. 5h.Under the optimal extraction conditions,the extraction efficiency of total flavonoids was as high as 9. 20mg/g.
Clinical Evaluation of a Bio-Oss Combined with a Medical Collagen Membrane in the Treatment of Periodontal Intrabony Defects
in that past, divergent group of microorganisms have been detect by observing growth on well-known biochemical formulations specifically tailored to each family or group ( e. g., growth media specific for yeast, anaerobic bacteria, or fastidious bacteria, etc
preexcitation syndrome
Methods The clinical data of 35 patients with panfacial fractures between june 2006 and december 2012 were retrospectively analyzed.
The simulation re-sults showed that the optimum oxygen-pitch ratio is about 0.78~0.80 and the optimum steam-pitch ratio is about 0 40.Related to it, the effective gases(CO+H_2) yield of per-kilo-gram pitch is about 2. 5m￣3
study on relationship between that agronomic trait of cocoa fruit and the seed germination
Said dilator possesses the pregressive increment of dilatation, accurate dilatation, is easy to be operated and controlled, can alleviate patient's suffering, has no need of anesthetization, and does not produce complicating diseases of laceration of intestinal wal, bleeding and intestinal fistula.
Groups of ten C57BL /6 mice were either left non-immunized , or immunized twice with the coNS 3/4 A plasmid .
treated malaria with quinine.
The results showed that the total RNA isolated by CTAB method displayed clear bands of 28S rRNA and 18S rRNA on 1%(w/v) agarose gels;the value of A260/A280 approached 2;and RT-PCR analysis demonstrated that total RNA had high quality.
three new studies indicate that it may be possible to aoid many of the fat - distribution problems associated with HI drug therapy, giing patients a better quality of life and minimizing risk to their hearts, researchers said Monday.
in particular, that present invention provide a process for the preparation of ( S) -1- ( 3, 5-bis ( trifluoromethyl) phenyl) ethan-1-ol which is an intermediate in the synthesis of pharmaceutical compound
Results: For comparison at 8 and 12 weeks,whole blood viscosity,plasma viscosity,erythrocyte aggregation number and hematocrit of PNS treatment group and RSM group were lower than those of model control group(P<0.01).
Effects of N-Acetylcysteine on Pathomorphology and Expression of TGF-β1 in Lipopolysaccharide-Induced Acute Lung Injury in Rats
this invention relates to methods and apparatus for the provision of positive pressure ventilatory assistance for patients with sleep disordered breathing.
The expression of microRNA will change after treated with triazophos,and then this will affect the expression of the target gene through the base complementary matching.
The level or daily excretion of oTyr can be measured by methods known in the art. An alternative possibility is to measure m-Tyr in the urine of the patients
in the biscuits of the invention, watermelon dietary fibre which has the function for curing diabetes, preventing and treating coronary heart disease, reducing blood pressure, fighting cancers, losing weight, curing obesity and astriction, removing exogenous harmful substances and the like is added.
Effect of form deprivation on levels of matrix metalloproteinase-2 expression in the posterior sclera of chicks
Example 8 Typical gel compositions comprising an oligosaccharide aldonic acid for cosmetic or dermatological indications, wound healing, or for general care of hair, scalp, nail, skin, oral or vaginal mucosa may be formulated as follows.
Results Compared with the normal control group,the castrated group showed a significantly higher optical density ratio of the deletions [(18. 1713±2.4317)% vs(36. 8475±3.3365)%],but no significant difference was found between the castrated and natural ageing group [(42. 3075±3.6556)%].
Soluble powder for treating livestock and poultry bacterial infection
touch pressure receptor
For example, vitamin A, vitamin C, vitamin E and B-complex vitamins have all been fortificants for cereal grains.
Results All of the lesions on F-FDG PET imaging in patients were correctly located on CT images using the software of three dimension volumetric fusion of stand-alone F-FDG PET with CT in the thorax.
Nano-condensed carbon and nano-diamond were synthesized by explosive detonation, and their structures and properties was characterised by X-ray diffraction (XRD), Raman spectroscopy, transmission electron microscope (TEM), scanning electron microscope (SEM), infrared spectroscopy (IR), electron paramagnetic resonance (EPR) and thermal analysis.
Conclusion QM can reduce the levels of IL-8 and TNF-a in BALF and has inhibitory effect on inflammation in the airway with COPD.
In this research,the soybean genetic male sterile line ms6 and the cytoplasmic male sterile line JLCMS9 were used to investigate the effects of nine chemical control agents and their combinations on the hybrid soybean seed production.
The intracellular ROS of PC-3 cells was as 5. 2 times as to that in the RWPE-1 cells(P < 0. 05),and the expression of miR-96 in PC-3 was 15. 4 times compared to that in the RWPE-1 cells(P < 0. 05).
The Change of IL-6 TNF in Chronic Renal Insufficiency Patients
Conclusion:Application of FTS was feasible and effective for colorectal cancer operation.
Conclusion This reformed method is more efficient to isolate hepatic stellate cell and by culture the hepatic stellate cells can be activated.
In this work,we have investigated the effects of aging process on the synthesis of silver nanoplates by UV-Vis spectroscopy and Transmission Electron Microscopy( TEM).
host cell of bacillus coli BL21 ( DE3) invert by expression plasmid pBL10EGF
The ECG changes stenosis diameter of the stenosed pulmonary valve, interatrial communication mode and shunting direction were observed in patients with RVSP≤13.3kPa in contrast to patients with RVSP≥13.5kPa.
MICROSURGICAL RESTORATION OF FOOT TISSUE DEFECTS /
In infected cells, the coronavirus nucleocapsids are assembled in the cytoplasm.
The expressions and correlations of RAR-¦Â receptors and galectin-8 in human middle ear cholesteatoma
Expression of Ang2 and Tie2 and their relation with the angiogenesis of hepatocellular carcinoma in rats
Relationship between genetic polymorphism of β_3-adrenoceptor and obesity and hypertension
the medicine has the advantages of short treatment course and difficult recurrence after healing and can cure both symptoms and root causes; the curative effect is stable, the cure rate reaches 81.8 percent and the total effective rate reaches 86.7 percent.
Influence of the thorax development after diaphragm injury in juvenile rats
[Conclusion]In low-iron dietary,long-term exercise aggravates rats iron deficiency in hippocampus.Effect of exercise on calcium contents in hippocampus is not associated with dietary iron contents,but on copper is on the contrary.
The ultrafine MgO-Y2O3-ZrO2 powder is synthesized by chemical coprecipitated method.
OBJECTIVE: To analyze retrospectively the efficacy of Yixinshu capsule for chronic contractile heart failure.
The biological organism may use any suitable enzymes and/or genes for production of the renewable material
The hydrophobicity of cured coating films was increased with the increasing of BDPA content.The contact angle was up to 95. 3° and higher than those of acrylate prepolymer without BDPA.
A control study of citalopram combined with quetiapine in the treatment of female depression
Read an unlimited number of data items for each patient record.
it may also vary depend on different pesticide formulations and method of pesticide application for that same plant species.
synthesis, structure and catalytic propertiesof BSiAPO-5 catalyst
Clinical Analysis of Local Excision in Duodenal Papillary Neoplasm
Preliminary Studies on Activity,Purification and Characterization of β-glucosidase in Chimonanthus Praecox L.
That list of proteins may help identify causes of and diagnostic tests for unexplained male infertility in humans or provide targets for male contraceptives.
Objective: chronic atrophic gastritis is the common ailment of digestive system.
In the earlier storing, the content of superoxide dismutase (SOD) was reached the active peak, it was because the accumlation of free- radical of balsam pear was increased
METHODS The Baxα cDNA was first subcloned from pBluescript SK to eukaryotic vector pcDNA3. The pcDNA3 Baxα was transformed into PC12 cells.
The three indexes in patients with lung cancer after stage Ⅲwere 28. 26±8. 26 %, 16. 24±5. 66u and 9. 59± 2. 70u, (P<0. 01), respectively.
The converted mash is fermented and distilled, producing ethanol, carbon dioxide, and distillers dried grains (DDGs), which are the undissolved solid components (stillage) remaining in the fermentation tank after the broth is removed.
Embolization of cerebral artenovenous malformations with non-adhesive liquid embolic agent (Onyx)
a traditional Chinese medicine combination for treating vesical calculus,
the novel synthesis of irbesartan precursor, irbesartan itself, and analogues thereof, of the present invention includes the step of reacting a valerimidate derivative with an amine to form an n-substituted imido ester-like ester intermediate, and further reacting the ester intermediate with an amine to form 2-butyl-3- ' - ( 1-trityl-1h-tetrazole- 5-yl ) biphenyl-4-yl methyl -1,
Research on the clinical utilization of serum free PSA level in the diagnosis of prostate disease
A 1% (v/v) suspension of red cells is prepared of blood group A or B in a PBS buffer, of pH between 7.0 and 7.4, containing 0.8 to 1.5 wt. % of bovine serum albumin BSA. The red blood cells of the suspension are counted in a usual flow cytometry device, whose functioning is known to those skilled in the art, and the suspension is calibrated at 37 to 43.106 red blood cells/ml of suspension.
in addition, that patient's involuntary movement were absent except for very mild movements dure times of stress.
surgical instrument, handle for a surgical instrument and surgical instrument system
That is, if a semi-permeable membrane such that substance of a low molecule like nutrition in a culture fluid, a necessary gas such as oxygen and waste matters exhausted by a cell exhausts pass to enclose cells and a polymeric extracellular matrix are not allowed to pass is selected, and a cell, nutrition and oxygen can be supplied while preventing an outflow of a cell and an extracellular matrix, and effective cultivation is realized.
in another aspect, that invention feature an isolated protein comprising an amino acid sequence selecte from any or all of the group consisting:
24 h after alimentary tract pump note intestines in nutrition diabetes special-purpose preparation,around examination treatment each nutrition,biochemistry target change.
detailed description of the invention ( a ) rubber-modified styrenic resin the rubber modified styrenic resin according to the present invention is a polymer wherein rubber phase polymers are dispersed in the form of particles in a matrix obtained by polymerizing an aromatic vinyl monomer and a vinyl group-containing monomer, which can be polymerized therewith, in the presence of a rubber phase polymer.
As for the 11 cases of the non operative treatment,11 patients recovered.
RESULTS I Ks was blocked by BTHP (1-100 μmol·L -1 ) in concentration-, voltage- and frequency-dependent fashion with an IC 50 9.3 μmol·L -1 (95% confidence range: 7.8-11.8 μmol·L -1 ).
in such a case, determine that optimum ventricular preload involves compare the baseline pulmonary artery pressure with the pulmonary artery pressure measured during the repetitions of the acute burst protocol.
Effect of Cordyceps sinensis on the Th 1/Th 2 Cytokines in Patients with Condyloma Acuminatum
Hormone replacement therapy (HRT) is the artificial replacement of the female hormone oestrogen in women who are going through the menopause.
is H, alkyl, alkenyl, alkynyl, halo, -CN, haloalkyl, cycloalkyl, cycloalkylalkyl, aryl, heteroaryl, heterocycloalkyl, arylalkyl, heteroarylalkyl, heterocycloalkylalkyl, -OR35, N ( R ) ( R ) or -SR
the DNA fragment resulting from that above procedure, together with a DNA fragment encode the gag/pol region ( including the region from the XhoI site ( 356 ) to the BglII site ( 5338 ) ), were ligated at the XhoI-EcoRI site of pBluescript KS+ ( Stratagene ).
SOLUTION OF ADSORPTION MODELIN A BATCH ADSORBER USING ORTHOGONALCOLLOCATION METHOD BASEDON w(x) = 1 AND SPHERICAL ADSORBENTS
The derivatives of Nereistoxin including Padan, Thiocyclan hydrogen oxalate ( "Evisect") dimehypo (s, s(dimethylamine) nimethylene dithiosulfurric acid ester), monosodium salt of dimehypo and Ti-78, are new types of insecticides. They act as a synaptic blocking agent. Their mode of action differs completely from that of organophorous and carbamate compounds. They are easily absorbed and translocated quickly to various pans of the plant tissue, and the residual effect last long up to about 40 dasy after tre
Conclusion HPV infection is general in sexually active adolescents,and most were low-grade lesions.
Keywords Vegetal fibre;Furfural;Hydrolyzc;Yield;Uses;
Suitable promoters include those derived from Escherichia coli, phage, etc.such as trp promoter (Ptrp), lac promoter, PL promoter, PR promoter and T7 promoter.
The concentration of the organic heterocyclic mercapto compound may range from 0.1 to 50 grams/liter but is preferably from 1 to 10 grams/liter
A modified electrode based on double polypyrrole intercalative Prussian blue film was developed.The D-Ppy/PB complex was prepared via a three-step potential cycling method with two Ppy films as the first and third layer and PB film in the middle,and was used to modify composite ceramic electrode(CCE).The electrocatalytic performance of D-Ppy/PB/CCE was investigated by cyclic voltammetry and chronoamperometry,and the experimental conditions for the preparation of D-Ppy/PB/CCE were optimized.
in that invention, the method of sol-gel is adopt to prepare simple substance metal nano particle distributed silicon dioxide Ag < xgtAu < ygt/ < 1-x-y> composite thin-film, the material are ethyl orthosilicate, silver nitrate, chloroauric acid, absolute ethyl alcohol and distilled water
the precipitate is collect by filtration and thoroughly washed with a solvent such as diethyl ether or hexane
Results There was no significant difference between two groups in the visual analogue scale(VAS) scores in the resting state,and there was significant difference between two groups at 8,12 and 24 hours after operation(P<0.05) in the coughing state.
It can be used to replenish ELECTROLYTES and restore WATER-ELECTROLYTE BALANCE in treating HYPOKALEMIA.
Effects of matrine on cold ischemia and reperfusion injury during orthotopic liver transplantation in rats
2) taking fluorescence image of the fluorescence protein expressed in step 1) using fluorescent microscope;
Blurring the lines between social and professional relationships can impact on the level of care offered and prevent patients from being honest about important side effects.
Clinical Curative Effect of all kinds of Arrhythmia Treated with the Combination of Berberine Hydrochtoride.Oryzanol and Coenzyme Q_10
the present invention relate to a surgical device for suturing tissue
The over expression of hTERT and bcl-2 had no relation with age and sex(P>0.05).
A preliminary study on apoptosis in the repair tissue of the articular cartilage defects during tissue engineering
Conclusion:DCG is a secure,noninvasive,repeatable detective method,can provide the physician with precise clinical information.
indeed, infiltration of lymphocyte having cytotoxic effect on tumor cells has been observed in human tumor foci ( Arch. surg., 126:200-205, 1990 ), and cytotoxic T lymphocytes ( CTL ) recognize autologous tumor cells have been isolated from melanomas without great difficulties ( e. g., Immunol. today, 8:385, 1987; J. Immunol., 138:989, 1987; and Int. J. cancer, 52:52-59, 1992 ).
Protein complexes generally control biological processes, and thus, the identification of skin-specific protein complexes and/or interaction partners encourages the discovery of skin anti-aging 'targets' and skin compounds with skin anti-aging benefits.
the organic product can contain more than three carbon atom, and can be, for example, an amino acid
i. e., at least one of R. sub. 3 and R. sub. 5 is an alkyl group.
Objective:To study the therapies and formulae of emotional diseases applied in the ancient medical text.
An adsorption model was proposed to elucidate the inhibition mechanism of gemini surfactants.
Clinical Observation on 36 cases of Hashimoto's Thyroiditis Treated with Chinese Drugs Plus Small Dose of Jia Zhuang Xian Tablet
Profile and Cluster Analysis of the Genes Expressed in Human CD4~+ and CD8~+T Lymphocytes from a Patient with Systemic Lupus Erythematosus;
Anatomic findings in this group including left ventricular hypertrophy, CAD and hepatic steatosis are mainly those associated with chronic stimulant abuse, not acute drug toxicity
Santorini's cartilages
tissues may be apposed before , during and / or after application or removal of energy to the tissues .
Methods Among the patients with SARS referred to Xuanwu Hospital from March,2003 to June,2003, 46 patients with hyperglycemia were allocated in group A, while another 46 randomly selected patients with normol glycemia were in group B which matched group A in sex, age and underlying disease. The comparison was made between the two groups, including the state, course, complication, disease outcome and routine blood test, biochemical examination, et al.
Without S-9, most of gossypol groups showed little change (P> 0.05), except a few cases with increased SCE frequency (P< 0.001
Methods A total of 3 patients at the same time as the tonsil and lymph node tuberculosis.
Conclusions HBV infection rate of the surveyed health check-up people is still higher,and hence,it is necessary to enhance hepatitis B prevention and treatment.
the amino acid organic fertilize for vegetables has that beneficial effect that the vegetable quality is improved, and amino acid is a basic unit for forming a protein and is small in molecular weight so as to be absorbed directly by crop;
Protective effect of inhibiting the activation of nuclear factor-κB by dexamethasone on donor rat lung
Atractylodes macrocephala could enhance the tension of isolated jejunum in chook;restrain the tension of caecum, the effect along with the dosage added.
Conclusion The clinical diagnose of IVL patients is difficult before operation.The prognosis of IVL patients is related with whether we can improve the diagnosis when operation.
Results The level of Glu and Asp in the astrocytes after scratching injury reached a peak at 30 min. APOEε4 transfected astrocytes released higher levels of Glu and Asp compared with those in the other 2 groups at 30 and 60 min after injury(P<0.05).
The patients in methotrexate group were prescribed oral methotrexate 5 mg once in the first week, 10 mg once in the second week, 15 mg once in the third week and thereafter weekly
strategy for control of serious infections cause by multi-drug resistant Pseudomonas aeruginosa and Acinetobacter baumannii
Results:The 10 patients completed the operations successfully,3 weeks after the operations the catheter were pulled out and patients urinated unobstructed.
high strung
Combined use of 68Ga-DOTATATE and 18F-FDG PET/CT to localize a bronchial carcinoid associated with ectopic ACTH syndrome
CONCLUSION The early diagnosis of sinonasal malignancy with orbital invasion is crucial.The orbital exenteration and postoperative rehabilitation should be carefully considered.Surgical resection with postoperative radiation is the optimal treatment method.
Methods:32 cases of total hip replacement were studied by measuring different time of the red blood cell C3b receptor erythrocyte rate (RC3bRR), immune complex rate (RICR) and natural tumour erythrocyte rosette rate (NTERR) with Guo Feng methods. In the mean time, the same immune data of 20 healthy old people were measured to be compared with
Clinical Study on Matrix Scalp Acupuncture for Treatment of Apoplectic Hemiplegia
FIG. 13B is a micrograph showing CNTF induced GFAP+ astrocytes derived from tGRPs do not resemble scGDAgbp130 based on a lack of Olig2/GFAP colocalization.
Autophagy is a self degradation process that are responsible for the removal of long lived proteins and damaged organelles,which plays a key role in the elimination of such intracellular waste,reconstruction of structure,growth and development of cells and maintainance of cellular homeostasis.
The maximal binding (Bmax) of NMDA receptor increased significantly at 15 minutes and reached peak at 30 minutes after brain injury, then decreased gradually and had the lowest value at 6 hours after brain injury.
Therefore, a glass transition temperature which was originally above body temperature can be decreased to below body temperature.
According to the structural features of the model,in the solving process of GA-ACO,the selection,intercross and variation modes of chromosome which is in line with the actual data.And in the best moment of the convergence of the genetic algorithm and ant colony algorithm,two algorithms are fused to form a heuristic algorithm which is excellent in time efficient and solution efficiency.
HPLC determination of sulpiride in human plasma and its pharmacokinetic,and relative bioavailability
Incubating LNCaP cells with ASC-J9 (1 or 5 micromolar, 24 hours), in the presence or absence of DHT, significantly decreased the cellular concentrations of AR and to a lesser degree in progesterone receptor, but did not substantially affect the other tested nuclear receptors or proteins.
②that the three kinds of peptidergic nerves and their terminals appeared string beads accompanying with blood vessels were seen in the skin, connective tissues of subcutaneous, skeletal muscles, small intestinal laminae muscularis, laminae submucosae, intestinal glands and cords of intestinal villi;
Seroprevalence of hepatitis B infection during pregnancy and risk of perinatal transmission
For paroxysmal dysentery with blood, abdominal pain and diarrhea, stool with blood in dark red or purplish red color, or bright red blood within white mucus, paroxysmal onset, difficult healing for a long time which is called recurrent dysentery or amebic dysentery, it can be decocted alone for oral taking or be applied by retention enema, and can also be combined with E Jiao and Chi Shi Zhi, etc.
comprises introducing into the gypsum plaster-based composition, prior to setting and curing thereof, a tartaric acid of one of the salts of tartaric acid, in an amount more than 0.001 wt.% relative to the gypsum plaster-based composition hemihydrate calcium sulphate content.
The following species were present in the parasite spectrum: Ascaris lumbricoides 28.3%, Trichuris trichiura 6.9%, Enterobius vermicularis 15.3%, hookworm 0.4%, Clonorchis sinensis 0.2%, Entamoeba histolytica 1.7%, Entamoeba coli 2.3%, Entamoeba hartmanni 0.2%, Endolimax nana 0.9%, Iodamoeba buetschlii 0.3%, and Giardia lamblia 1.7
The extrapyramidal symptoms,weight gain and endocrine change are higher in the risperidone group than those in the aripiprazole group.Aripiprazole is beneficial for female schizophrenia.
Surgical treatment of ankle fracture in Danis-Weber type C
Vertebral column resection via posterior approach for kyphotic deformity in children:a retrospective study of 10 cases
study on that paper-chromatography theromclynamic
together with the tendencies making sri lankas disease pattern approximate that of a developed country, disconcerting levels of morbidity arising from infectious and parasitic diseases persist.
Vascular local renin-angiotension system (RAS) is relevant to the formation of artery sclerosis.
The yields of L-arginine were increased by 93. 8% and 87. 8% respectively.
Expression and Significance of hMLH1/hMSH2 and COX-1/COX-2 Protein in Gastric Cancer;
Comparison of the Removal Performance of HPAM in Solution by Four Flocculants
the olefins may also be substituted with other functional groups, such as hydroxy groups, carboxylic acid groups, heteroatoms, and the like, provided that such groups do. not react with the acidic ionic liquid catalyst.
include those present in vinyl group, allyl groups, acryl group, and that like.
OBJECTIVE To provide the digital for clinical anatomy by measuring tonsillar weight of deferent age groups.
Analysis of Cost vs Effect of Two Treatment Schems on Type-2 Diabetes
6. Taxol from callus systems;
it bee understood that residue 162 of that nitrilase of origin is different from a cysteine, alanine, valine, asparagine, glutamine, isoleucine or serine, respectively.
Objective To study the advantages,the disadvantages and the long-term clinical effect of surgery on blepharoptosis by hanging frontalis muscle flap of the forehead.
Topical anesthesia for phacoemulsification with scleral tunnel incision
compound II: toluene acted as solvent, temperature was-10-5 and stirring time was 3hr, the yield was 63.38%. The two compounds also can be synthesized by two steps with triethylamine as catalyst.
Development of Heat Shock Proteins in Crop
46. The method of claim 45, wherein the medium comprises an osmotic agent selected from the group consisting of mannitol, sorbitol, glucose, and sucrose.
Indeed studies have shown no correlation between potency as a PDE III inhibitor and anti-megakaryocytic effects for anagrelide and its principal pharmacologically active metabolite, 3-hydroxyanagrelide (3-OH anagrelide or 3-HA, formerly known as SPD604 or BCH24426
The Effects of Kangxianling Decoction on PDGF-mRNA ,TNFα-mRNA Expression of CRF Rat Renal Tissue
On the other hand,(BR+GA) caused 51. 4% and 33. 5% decrease,respectively,of CYP2E1-associated PNP-OH and CYP1A2-associated ethoxyresorun-O-de-ethylation(EROD) as compared with the high dose of BR group.Meanwhile,(BR+LQ) caused 41. 1% decrease of CYP2E1-associated PNP-OH and 37. 7% increase of CYP2C-associated Tol-OH.
it is for treat myocardial ischemia
Methods Medical records In 100 cases of patients discharged from Tianjin Anning Hospital were analyzed retrospectively,age,sex,length of stay,site of infection,hospital infection rate and the usage of antimicrobial drugs of the patients were observed.
gene expression data, patient medical records, financial transactions, census data, characteristics of an article of manufacture, characteristics of a foodstuff, characteristics of a raw material, meteorological data, environmental data, and characteristics of a population of organisms.
gas delivery system that provides positive airway pressure therapy
or (iii) with a linker antibody to form the labeled antibody.
summary of that inventionthe quantitative estimation of the blood flow through the heart valve, from 3d color flow image sequences, has important clinical implication for the assessment of the condition of the valves
Interestingly, significant hepatocyte proliferation in vivo of more than 69 divisions was possible by serial transplantation of the repopulated hepatocytes into other recipient mice with hereditary tyrosinemia type 1
Conclusions The nerve and muscle stimulator and comprehensive rehabilitation training is effective in treatment of pointed foot caused by spastic cerebral palsy,and it has some clinical value.
it has been demonstrate that EGFR mRNA production can be stimulated directly or indirectly by treat cells with EGF, dexamethasone, thyroid hormone, retinoic acids, interferon. alpha., or wild-type p53 ( Deb et al., 1994; Grandis et al., 1996; Hudson et al., 1989; subler et al., 1994; Xu et al., 1993.
the procedure success rate and medium-term curative effect of percutaneous transhepatic cholangic drainage: a review of 5-year clinical practice
It was shown that the radioactivity detected in DNA of EAC cells was about 68% of total amount of 3H-pseudolycorine in the cancer cells
As a control,the glucose,maltose,and fructose do not cause significant fluorescence increase.
an aqueous aerosol is made by formulating an aqueous solution or suspension of the agent together with conventional pharmaceutically acceptable carriers and stabilizers .
Inhibition of ribonuclease inhibitor on corneal neovascularization induced by alkali burn in vivo
intestinal submucosa tissue can be use in an implantable sheet form or in injectable fluidized or gel form for inducing that regrowth of endogenous tissues.
in these study, that I. H. S. was operatively used to distinguish migraine headache from all other types of head and neck pain syndromes.
3. Method according to claim 2 wherein the host cell is a recombinant human cell already able to express the human long pentraxin PTX3 protein.
One application for this data is radiation therapy planning (RTP) in oncology, in which the image data has been used to calculate a spatially varying radiation dose to be applied to a tumor or other lesion.
Effects of icarrin on the expression of TNF-α、iNOS in the macrophage of mice
Methods Immunohistochemistry was performed to detect the p21 and Survivin expression in 50 specimens of gastric carcinoma,and 40 specimens of normal mucosa adjacent to carcinoma.
Although the results of the lymphocyte immunophenotyping of dual color analysis by using FSC/SSC gating and Back gating were different ( P <0.01), there were almost the same T lymphocyte subsets analyzed by using Back gating and CD3 PerCP/SSC gating(T Gating).
Molecular imprinting is a novelly organic synthetic technology developed in recent yeas.This review describes the preparation of molecularly imprinted polymer(MIP) and the critical problems to be fiirthur explored, and emphasises on the introduction of MIP's superiority of its application in the field of organic synthesis as a catalyst and the present research, especially about its use as the chiral catalyst during the synthesis of optically - activated reagents . MIP is designed to asymmetrically catalysiz...;
This review will try to illustrate the current study of the insect-resistant genes and their application to Brassica crops.
including for example , recombinant and chemical synthesis .
Screening of Antioxidant Activity of Flowers and Study on the Antioxidant Activity of Rose (Rosa Hybrid Hort. var. Cardinal);
The diagnosis and treatment of carcinoma of renal pelvis
2ml peripheral vein blood was drawn from every child with empty stomach in early morning.Genomic DNA was extracted from each blood sample employing saturated alcohol phenyl and chloroform after preparing smear.
The change of phosphorus nutrition had no significant effect on the content of chlorophyll in potato leaves.
gag showed lower level of Gag specific CTL and antibody response than in mice without pre-existing adenovirus type 5 immunity
include an elongated catheter dimension for insertion within a body vessel having an at least partial occlusion
hemostatic and anti-inflammatory bone graf composite material
for instance us-a-4384897 describes a method of treating biomass material in which it is subjected to a two stage hydrolysis in which polysaccharides that are more easily hydrolysed, such as hemicellulose and then in a second stage the more difficult to depolymerise material e. g. cellulose, is depolymerised using a more severe hydrolytic treatment.
Conclusion Reconstitution of VR1012/TCRγ vector lay a foundation for T-cell lymphoma gene therapy
This algorithm includes four steps: edge extraction, parallelogram generation, hypothesis generation and hypothesis examination. The information fusion is realized by BN inference, and the self- adaptability of perception is realized by BN learning
The porous structure of the mixed CC and Cb carbon films was maintained as illustrated by scanning electron microscopy (SEM).
if that predetermine substance c can be ascertained to have become capable of interact with the substance 61 subsequent to its binding to the aptamer ( base sequence region A ) as illustrated in FIG. 7C, the substance 4d resulted from the bin of the predetermined substance 4c to the aptamer ( base sequence region A ) is appreciated to be equipped with such properties as permitting its interaction with the substance 61.
Modified superficial parotidectomy for benign parotid gland tumor
Results show that Co content in the coating increases with increasing Co2+ concentration.Under acidic condition,the Co content in the coating increased with increasing pH value,and decreased with increasing temperature,accompanied by increase of grain size.
in pelvic muscle floor exercise group, effective rate for leakage urine was 60.6%, and that volume of urinary incontinence decreased obviously aft treament ( P < 0.001 );
Effect of aldosterone receptor antagonist on hepatic fibrosis of rats
the significance of anticardiolipin antibody in patients with lupus nephritis: a clinical and renal pathological study
the proces comprises that follow steps of: performing copolymerization of the acrylic mixed monome, the azodiisobutyronitrile and the alcohol with stirring, and distilling off most solvent to obtain a light yellow liquid resin
the present invention provides modified versions of anti-idiotype anti-CEA antibodies, preferably mouse antibody 708, with improved vaccination properties.
Therapeutic effects of resveratrol in combination with 5-Fu on hepatocellular carcinoma in mice
macrophages and neutrophils ) , but also non-immune cells such as fibroblasts , osteoblasts , smooth muscle cells , epithelial cells , and neurons .
In addition, stability and maneuverability immobilization enzyme are prior to free enzyme
Water-borne epoxy emulsion was prepared with the method of phase inversion by the branched emulsifier.The effects of dosage of emulsifier,emulsifying temperature and dosage of co-solvent on the emulsion property were investigated.
The studies on the emulsion blend modifications of ABS graft latices with α-MS-AN(α-methylstyrene-acrylo-nitrile) copolymers were introduced.
Question and Solution of Construction cDNA Library from Leaf tissues of Panax ginseng
Enhancement and Real Time Extraction Algorithm for Thin Vessel Images
Changes in refraction after horizontal strabismus surgery on children
Experimental SD rats were purchased from the Animal Center of Shang hai Medical University
Effect of routine prophylactic supplementation with iron and folic acid on preschool child mortality in southern Nepal: community-based, cluster-randomised, placebo-controlled trial. Lancet
Keywords Fluorospectrophotometry; Micellar system; Terbium; Quinolones; Floxacin; Multivariate calibration methods; Multiple linear regression(MLR); K metric method(K); P metric method(P);
Invasion of cultured human osteoblasts by staphylococcus aureus
The 4G/5G Polymorphism of the Plasminogen Activator Inhibitor-1 Gene in Patients with Coronary Heart Disease
strategy of targeted gene replacement in filamentous fungi
One of the early processes for producing NF 3 involves the direct fluorination of ammonium ions by F 2 whereby gaseous F 2 is contacted with liquid (molten) ammonium acid fluoride (AAF) in a stirred tank reactor.
STUDY ON BIOLOGICAL FIXATION OF FEMORAL STEM PROSTHESIS WITH MULTILAYER MACROPORES COATING BY COMBINED USE OF AUTOGENOUS BONE GRAFTING
Correlation Analysis of Se Content,Total Gypenosides and Total Protein Contents in Gynostemma Pentaphyllum Collected from Different Regions
Effects of the Optimized Irrigation-optimized Fertilization and Traditional Irrigation-traditional Fertilization on Leaf Growth, Population Light Distribution and Grain Yield of Winter Wheat
the present invention also includes humanized hybrid antibodies wherein amino acid sequences of a non-human donor antibody exhibiting a desired antigen-specificity are combined with sequences of a human acceptor antibody.
The relationship between microvessel density, clinicopathological characteristics and prognosis of primary breast cancer
Clinical Application Study of Bone Marrow Immunoscintigraphy Using ~(99m)Tc-Labeled Antigranulocyte Monoclonal Antibody BW250/183(In Chinese)
After 4 hours incubation at room temperature with agitation, samples were centrifuged and absorbance at 280 nm was read using 200.mu.l supernatant in the well of a microtiter UV plate.
Comparison of clinical efficacy between Spotlight work channel system and microendoscopic discectomy in treatment of lumbar disc herniation
Histological examination revealed few intratendon inflammatory changes at 3 weeks and better tendon healing at 6weeks in decimeter wave-treated group (P<0.05).
Objective To study the clinical effect of the open reduction and closed reduction in the treatment of elderly distal radial fractures.
The invention relates to a sesterterpane as formula (1) and relative medical drug or solvent, and relative drug compound, which can reduce hepatitis B surface antigen and restrain hepatitis B HBVDNA copy activity.
Relationship between Helicobacter heilmannii infection and esophageal diseases in Chaoyang, Guangdong Province, China
A probucol or a probucol derivative can be efficiently converted to a monoester or monoether of probucol by reacting the free hydroxyl-containing probucol or a derivative thereof ( by which is meant a probucol compound with at least one substituent that is different from that on the parent probucol molecule but which maintains the two free hydroxyl groups ) with a Grignard reagent or a lithium reagent that produces a magnesium bromide or lithium salt of probucol or the probucol derivative.
Analysis of this endpoint, using an ANCOVA model adjusting for baseline value and country, did not reveal a statistically significant difference between treatment groups in the change from baseline at Month 6/EOS.
Distally based dorsal digital neurocutaneous flap for finger-pulp reconstruction
[Result] With the increase of potassium fertilization,tuber starch content was increased.When tuber starch content came up to the hightest,then droped with the fertilizing dosage increasing,the protein content was increased with the increasing application of potassium fertilization,but yield,K NPE and NUTE were decreased.
Na 2S 2O 7 could increase the stability of anthocyanin because of the formation of anthocyanin SO 3. So, the degradation and browning of anthocyanin caused by increasing active oxygen might well associate with pericarp browning of lychee fruit.
Conclusions: The screening rate of neonatal serum phenylalanine and thyrotropin in Jiangyin were increased year by year,and the recall rate was low.
A region of a nucleic acid of interest can be amplified even from a trace amount of a nucleic acid as a template by conducting the method of the present invention in a buffer of Bicine, Tricine, HEPES, phosphate or tris.
Localization of Orexin B-like Immunoreactive Neurons in Rabbit Brain
Objective To study the influences of different dosages of magnesium isoglycyrrhizinate on symptomatic effects and liver function of chronic hepatitis B(CHB) patients with liver dysfunction.
In a scientific evaluation of specimens, a total of 22 samples including serum specimens and wound aspirates from septicemic mice were screened by PCR.
Factors Influening of Callus Induction and Plantlet Regeneration from Mature Embryos in Indica Rice
Objective To observe the efficacy and safety of using intravenous amiodarone for the cardioversion of paroxysmal atrial fibrillation.
Construction of defective plasmid derived herpes simplex virus type 1 vector pHSVL and its expression in eucaryotic cells
Conclusion: The incidence of nosocomial fungal infection is still higher in neonatal department.Medical workers should take the measures of disinfection and isolation measures and hand hygiene strictly.The invasive procedures should be reduced,and antimicrobial agents should be used rationally.
system and method for use delayed enhancement magnetic resonance image and artificial intelligence to identify non-viable myocardial tissue
Malignant Tumors Complicated with Thrombophlebitis
Mixture formed when one material is dissolved into a liquid
Compounds F_1,F_(1-0),B_1 and B_2 were obtained from neochamaejasmine B by using NaBH_4 as the reductant and BrCH_2COOH as the carboxymethyl etherification reagent respectively.
Clinical Evaluation of dynamic contrast-enhanced MR imaging in the staging of non-small cell lung cancer
Its standard-reaching rate was 84. 62%(95%CI=70. 75%-98. 49%).In all the cases,41 cases were excellent,4 ones effective,and 10 ones ineffective.The total effective rate was 81. 82%(95%CI=70. 75%-98. 49%).
Such symptoms are usually predictable and occur regularly during the two weeks prior to menses
Study of the Relationship between the Expression of Follicle Stimulating Hormone Receptor on Granulosa Cells and in Vitro Fertilization and Embryo Transfer(IVF-ET);
study investigating a new treatment for gastrointestinal disease had an unexpected side effect: It reversed baldness
A Clinical Study of Ectopic meningioma derived from head and neck region.
Elementary Research on Damage Effects and Photobiomodulation of High Intensity Nd: YAG and KTP Lasers on Fibroblasts
Finally, the volume of PTV1 and PTV2 were compared by IMRT plan. Results To fourteen patients with atelectatic lung and one obsolete pulmonary tuberculosis, PTV were reduced to an average of (212.26±200.35) cm~3(P=0.001), 95%CI (101.31 cm~3, 323.21 cm~3), which spared more surrounding normal tissues
Among positive cases, liver samples could been found mild histological changes (%), such as swollen, acidophilic degeneration, and lymphocytic infiltrate in portal tract, which were seminal to changes of hepatitis.
(1) a liquid culture medium I and a liquid culture medium II are prepared;
Clinical Significance of Measuring the CEA and ET-1 in Exhaled Breath Condensate of Patients with Non-small Cell Lung Cancer
in that presence of other essential build blocks and co-factor ( such as monacolin J, acetyl-CoA, NADPH, ATP and S-adenosylmethionine ) the lovastatin biosynthetic enzymes surprisingly can use methylmalonyl-CoA to synthesize simvastatin.
Study of Relation of Ischemia ST-T Alteration and Coronary Artery
include that head, is used in some exist medical procedures, principally for stimulation of the peripheral or central nervous system
Objective:To observe the effect and mechanism of Sanhuang Sanxian Decoction(SHSX)on leucopenia in mice with Se-137 radiation injury.
Objective To explore the effect of puromycin-sensitive aminopeptidase( PSA) on the apoptosis induced by TauP301Lin SH-SY5Y cells and PC12 cells.
Objective:To observe the effect of higher dosage of clozapine on ECG in QT dispersion (QTd) and post regulating QT dispersion (QTcd), explore the possible mechanism and prevention of sudden death during clozapine treatment
Fourteen days after oral administration of the drug,the time of exhaustion,the concentration of MDA and the activity of SOD were closely monitored in the weight-loaded swimming mice,and the activity of LDH was also monitored and compared for the non-weight-loaded swimming mice.
the resin may include cellulose.
Results: In 30 patients with intraductal papilloma of breast,there are 3 positive of HR-HPV DNA,positive rate is 10%.
2 The tolerance to glyphosate of japonica Zhonghua 11 at the callus level was investigated as 600 mg/L by glyphosate sensitivity test, which was a referrence for another rice variety resistance selection.
Acceleration of Immune Reconstitution after Bone Marrow Transplantation by the Co-grafts with Stromal Cell Lines Combined with IL-3 and IL-6 Gene Therapy
include, for example, saline, aerosol, commercially available inert gels, or liquid supplemented with albumin, methyl cellulose or a collagen matrix.
Conclusion:The deformity and pathological changes are more important factors for selecting operative procedure for the treatment of hallux valgus
Changes of the Cell-wall Metabolism Enzymes of Pericarp of Longan under Storage
where the genome of the mammal contains a nucleic acid that encodes the self C5 amino acid segment.
Case Study of Water-Soluble Anionic Component of Aerosol in Taipei, China
Observations on Chromosomal Aberration of Bone Marrow Cells and Spermatogonia in Mice Induced by Compond Sodium Nitrophenolates
complex {[Co(Hbtec)(phen)(H_2O)_3](H_2O)} has been synthesized by hydrothermal method and the structure is determined by single crystal X-ray diffraction
The Relationship between Interleukin-6 -572C/G, -597G/A Gene Polymorphism and Cerebral Infarction
Clinical application of laparoscopy-assisted partial small bowel resection
Theresulted products (696 bp for all the 15 isolates, vaccine strains or standard strain) were subjected to DNA sequenceanalysis and compared with those of 6 reference strains Alfort, Ald, Brescia, Gpe, C and CW by using DNAstar software.
Bio-gas Fermentation and Utilization of Its Residues
Comparative Study of Procalcitonin Serum Level and Infection Probability Score for the Diagnosis and the Prognosis of Severe Infection in ICU Patients
For intravenous application the solutions are generally isotonic and euhydric, for example with a pH of 3 to 11, 6 to 8 or about 7.4
The incident ratio of postoperative skin cyanosis or ecchymoma in Mammotome and regional resection group was 8. 7% and 4. 5%,respectively,and there was no significant difference in the two groups(χ2=1. 245,P=0. 264).No one refused to be enrolled for economic cause.
Experimental results showed that wood cellulose filter aid was a moderately compressible material and its filtration performance changed with filtration condition.
It was found that they all maintain characteristic of mesoporous molecular sieve SBA-15. The active catalysis component Cu and Mn existed respectively as CuO and MnO2.When the Catalytic additive CeO2 was added in maintaining the active component Cu and Mn was highly dispersed and displayed higher catalytic properties.
The Effect of Vitamin E on Apoptosis and Hypertrophy of Neonatal Rat Cardiomyocytes Inducded by Noradrenaline
substitute or unsubstituted alkyl group
the mutant type gene ore9 exhibits the ability to extend the plant longevity , and a method of extending the plant longevity by transforming plants with this mutant type gene ore9 is also within the scope of the present invention .
tried by clinical patients and shows noticeable curative effects in curing high blood pressure, heart diseases and coronary heart disease, with a cure rate of 98 percent.
Conclusions:Absorbable hemostatic membrane and gelatin sponge combined with obvious hemostatic effect in brain shell operation,easy to use,no other adverse reactions.
Expression of aquaporin-4 after cerebral ischemic reperfusion in rats
Tanzania rope Rosin in the ureterolithiasis treats the clinical practice research
soybean milk pow taken at night for assisting sleep, tonify intestine and supplying calcium
hepatic stellate cell might be that main cellular source of MMP 1, MMP 2, MT1 MMP and TIMP in ALD
The red blood cell Qb receptor rosette (RBC-C3bRR),RBC immune complex rosette (RBC-ICR),and immunologic factor' s activeties of RBC were investigated in 4,6,and 12 weeks after the occurrence of diabetes. The level of fasting blood-glucose (FBG),hemoglobin glycosylation (HbAlc) also studied.
surgical management of cervical carcinoma: clinical analysis of 37 case
RESULTS The alcohol concentration was remarkable factor in the test
Expression of N-cadherin and γ-catenin in Patients with Primary Non-small Cell Lung Cancer and Its Clinical Significance
Male and female TFRC was 138. 24±36.20 and 128. 48±37.07 respectively.The occurrence of white line on fingerprints for total was 24. 20% (male: 16. 99%, female: 31. 04%), which suggested that the finger dermaloglyphic parameter of the Han people in Guizhou had a statistical difference than that in other regions of China.
Some of the more common detectors include: Refractive Index (RI), Ultra-Violet (UV), Fluorescent, Radiochemical, Electrochemical, Near-Infra Red (Near-IR), Mass Spectroscopy (MS), Nuclear Magnetic Resonance (NMR), and Light Scattering (LS).
Key point and follow-up study of total hip replacement with collum femoris preserving
a battery separator for a lithium cell capable of selectively transporting li ions through the battery separator while blocking mn ions, comprising: a microporous polyolefin membrane; and a coating thereon, the coating being a gel-forming polymer selected from the group consisting of: polyvinylidene fluoride, polyurethane, polyethyleneoxide, polyacrylonitrile, polymethylacrylate, polyacrylamide, polyvinylacetate, polyvinylpyrrolidone, polytetraethylene glycol diacrylate, copolymers of any of the foregoing, and combinations thereof; where the battery separator has a gurley value in the range of 20 to 110 seconds / 10 cc according to astm d-726 ( b ).
The application value of invasive monitoring of intracranial pressure in severe craniocerebral trauma
Methods HE staining and immunohistochemical ABC method were used.
Objective To separate recombinant human interferon alpha 2b and remove the dimer by the hydrophobic interaction chromatography for the further study.
Objective:To evaluate and compare the therapeutic effects of transurethral vaporization of prostate(TUVP) and the open prostatectomy(OP) for the treatments of symptomatic BPH.
Based on their nucleotide sequences, dendrograms of the family of genes expressing core proteins bearing keratan sulfate chains suggest that mimecan is distinctly more divergent in its sequence than keratocan.
To establish a mouse model bearing transplantable human chronic myeloid leukemia for hematopoietic stem cell transplantation to treat leukemia, 4-5-week-old female BALB/c nude mice were given cyclophosphamide 2 mg/mouse at day - 2, -1, and then the human chronic myeloid leukemia K562 cells were engrafted into the mice at day 0 by injection via tail vein or peritoneal cavity. PB and BM cells were collected, the CD45, CD13, and CD33 antigens were delected by using FCM, the bcr/abl fusion gene m...
g·L-1. The concentrations of the enantiomers of (±)-trans T, the frequency and serious level of adverse reactions were higher in 400 mg·d-1 group than that in 300 mg·d-1 group. The concentrations of the enantiomers of (±)- M1, and the analgesic effect were similar between the two groups.
Results The effect of Tetric Ceram was superior to that of amalgam(P<0.01).
ENRICHMENT OF TRANSCRIPTION-ACTIVE DNA FROM RAT LIVER CHROMATIN
Comparison of Clinical Efficacy and Safety of Less Invasive Stabilization System and Dynamic Condylar Screw Internal Fixation in Treating Distal Femoral Fracture
The results show that 5-HT-LI neurons begin to appear in fetal retina in the 10th week and they dispersed in inner nu- clear layer with a round or oval shape of 6-7 μm diameter
suitable material for that absorbent core 48 include, for example, cellulose, wood pulp fluff, rayon, cotton, and meltblown polymers such as polyester, polypropylene or co tauorm. uoiorm is a meltblown air-formed combination of meltblown polymer, such as polypropylene, and absorbent staple fibers, such as cellulose
Compositions comprising a powder and an alkyl-phenyl silsesquioxane resin are disclosed.
The NPY-IR in the platelets prepared from the PRPaggregated maximally by collagen reduced to 34±5 ng/ 10~7 platelets, while the NPY-IR in the PPP prepared from the same PRP increased to 26±4 ng/ml.
The contents of Se and F, the parameters of bone histomorphometry, the contents of free radicals, the anti-oxidation enzymes, the thyroid hormones, the parameters of electrocardiogram and electrophysiology myocardial cells were determined during the experimental period of 4, 8, 14 months
Inhibiting mitochondrial permeability transition pore opening may be a key event in postconditioning.
Study of Annealing Process of Ti/SiO_2 (thin) /Si System in Nitrogen with Trace of Oxygen
if mutation, which are copied from a cell to its progeny, give tumor cell their powers, then shouldn' t all clones in that army be equally powerful?
Clinical Epidemiology of Tabazole-induced Liver Disease
The disease can have serious consequences, but can be properly treated by immediate administration of suitable antibiotics.
Shoot tips of about 0.5 mm in length gave rise to embryogenic calluses on MS medium supplemented with 2.0 mg·L(-1) 2,4-D.
stove 2 kilograms of rice into a drying machine for 5 min, then pour that rice into the mixer, stirring the rice into a rice flour for 5 min, and pouring the rice flour into a clean basin for standby;
arteria radialis posterior
Survey and analysis of fermented food contamination with ethyl carbamate
Methods The renovascular hypertensive rats (n=30) were divided at random into 4 groups which received separately with insulin only (Group A,2.1 IU/kg),insulin and glucose (Group B with low dose insulin,2.1 IU/kg;Group C with high dose insulin,4.5 IU/kg)or normal saline(Group D)immediately after middle cerebral artery occlusion (MCAO). Level of c-fos mRNA and c-jun mRNA on brain sections was measured by in situ hybridization at 3h after MCAO.
improve powder stir devic
The method of claim 10, wherein the one or more metabolic biomarkers comprise testosterone
Synthesis and Characterization of Citric Acid Mono-Polyethyleneoxide Nonyl Phenyl Ether Amber Diehylene Glycoldinitrate Diglycollic Amide;
Determination of flavone glycosides in pollen of Brassica campestris by HPLC
The duration of operation was 60~110 min in TURP,40~80 min in TUVP and 20~40 min in TURCP.
Hagman K H, Shafer W M. Transcriptional control of the mtr efflux system of Neisseria gonorrhoeae [J]. J Bacteriol,1995,177(3):4162
Conclusion Caspase-1 and Caspase-3 were involved in the mechanism of spinal cord ischemia-reperfusion injury.
still further, due to that precise 3D focus point control, the assembly enable shorter ultrasonic treatment period, thus providing increased patient comfort as well as higher patient throughput with the same medical service personnel available
Then the CP genes were cloned into pSBET plasmids and prokaryotic expressed in E. coli BL21(DE3) plysS.
CONCLUSION: Syzygium jambolanum extract has considerable ameliorating potentials against arsenic-induced glucose imbalance and stress and has possibility of therapeutic use in the management of arsenic-induced toxicity including hyperglycemia.
In the product label it is stated that the patients on the 91- day treatment cycle should initially expect to have more bleeding or spotting between their menstrual periods than if they were taking a 28-day treatment cycle.
wherein R7 is hydrogen or optionally substituted alkyl;
Objective To investigate the expression and clinical significance of peripheral blood squamous cell carcinoma antigen(SCCAg) in non-malignant gynecological diseases.
Clinical features of Helicobacter pylori infection in liver cirrhosis
Methods:Analyses were made of meiosis for the testicular biopsy of 54 cases of varicocele and for the semen samples from 29 of them as well.Results:Among the 54 cases there were 45 cases with meiotic arrest in pachytene stage, 6 univalent cases, 2 multi-valent cases and 1 case with normal meiosis.
Antibody array analysis of atherosclerosis cytokine levels in rats
The Expression and Clinical Implications of MDM2 and p73 Gene in Childhood Acute Leukemia;
Finally, at least eight different hormones secreted by the pituitary gland located at the base of the brain control a great host of bodily functions such as growth, rates of secretion of many of the other hormones, sexual functions, and excretion of water and electrolytes by the kidneys
the invention also conducts an anti-influenza virus activity study to the hemagglutinin-binding peptide selected from the phase peptide library, and finds that a polypeptide H17, with a sequence of NH2-SHGRITFAYFAN-COOH, can effectively inhibit the influenza virus from infecting the host cell and is of small toxicity.
Results The rate of students with depressed mood was 22.4
The compounds of the present invention may be administered by oral, parenteral, by inhalation spray, nasal, vaginal, rectal, sublingual, or topical routes of administration and may be formulated, alone or together, in suitable dosage unit formulations containing conventional non-toxic pharmaceutically acceptable carriers, adjuvants and vehicles appropriate for each route of administration.
Results: Among the 9 cases of urethral duplication,7 turned out to be of Type I,1 Type II A2 and 1 Type II B. The disease courses varied from 2 to 420 days,with an average of 77. 2±141.
in another aspect, that invention provide the use of an siRNA with any one or more of the above properties to inhibit an angiogenic proces in vitro.
That is, the position influenced during the treatment of the living tissue LT can be limited to the living tissue LT where the high-frequency current has been conducted between the first high-frequency electrode 56 and the second high-frequency electrode 58.
the present invention also provide a method that comprises use a construct as stated above in an expression system in order to express a specific binding memb or polypeptide as above
Conclusion: Low-dose octreotide treatment of liver cirrhosis with refractory ascites can significantly improve the patient’s biochemical parameters,and improve clinical efficacy.
In 1533 patients with BPH, daily treatment with 320 mg of an ethanolic extract for 3 months reduced the IPSS total score from 18.3 points to 10.9 points, improved the quality of life score from 3.51 to 1.9 points, increased peak urinary flow from 12.0 ml/s to 15.7 ml/s and decreased residual urine volume from 60.7 to 36.2 ml [46].
in addition, by have that nontoxic n-methyl-d-aspartate receptor antagonist available for immediate release, the analgesic composition can utilize lower amount of nontoxic n-methyl-d-aspartate receptor antagonist to achieve the same analgesic effect than if the nontoxic n-methyl-d-aspartate receptor antagonist was in an extended release form.
Development of Study on Preparation, Characterization and Biological Activity of Conjugated Linolenic Acids
the spray is effective in inhibit Staphylococcus aureus, and is useful for treating disease of oral cavity and throat such as pharyngitis, tonsillitis, pertussis, stomatitis, toothache, common cold, and fever
Optimization for the extraction technology of Lycium ruthenicum polysaccharide was focused on in this paper.
Based on ventricular dimensions, one can calculate myocardial strain, and with Doppler analysis one can quantitate regional wall velocity and strain velocity of the myocardium in each beam direction.
it had a design capacity to produce 12 million doses of triple vaccine a year in order to meet the vaccine needs of the country and the region as iraqs contribution to controlling the disease.
Incidentally Detected Renal Cell Carcinoma:Role of Ultrasonography
The Experimental Study of the Neutron Irradiation Effects on the Blood TBA and Glucose in Mouse Models
In addition, Patent Document 1 only discloses general methods such as adding an organic substance such as glucose as a carbon source, and culturing under normal photosynthetic conditions, as an aerobic culturing method.
it is anticipated that there will be an increase in adverse spinal conditions which are characteristic of older people .
Old fetal education advocated eating well, keeping an emotional balance, maximizing exposure to "high culture" such as art, and maintaining a peaceful environment
Paraffin has high stability,low reactivity, and it is difficult to give functional group to paraffin directly.
Study on Preparation and Performances of Meltblown Non-Woven Fabric and the Characterization of Specialized Polypropylene
The Study of Syndromes of Traditional Chinese Medicine Based on the Technology of Metabonomics
Results Dynamic mechanical stimulation in vitro didn’t affect the morphology of pre-fat cells obviously,but it inhibited TNF-α release.
The study of indirect osteoclast differentiation effect of LTB4 in rheumatoid arthritis
The Measurement of Tyrosine Hydroxylase Activity in the Brain of Conscious Rats
however, even though useful protein are produced at a large amount by an efficient expression vector system, final yield of proteins are rapidly decreased, if a system for isolating and purify protein is not well established
There were only 13 mice in each group, which were all relatively short-lived.
Evaluating the Hip Joints’ Blood Flow of Avascular Necrosis of the Femoral Head with Ultrasonography
Central cornea and 12 o'clock endothelial cell count, cell size variation coefficient, percentage of hexagonality and central cornea thickness were measured before and up to one year after surgery.
Although FMN2 was expressed at low levels without IPTG in NARF2 and E6 cell lines, the expression level was increased 24 hours after IPTG treatment
inhibitory activity of four Lighteners against tyrosinase in B-16 cell
Analysis of colonoscopic follow-up in 56 postoperative patients with colorectal cancer
Application of in vivo whole-cell patch in the anterior cingulate cortex response to nociceptive electric stimulation
Firstly,the mechanical properties of components of the eutectic colony are obtained by applying the interaction direct derivative estimate.Secondly,the properties of the entire eutectic colony are got through coordinate conversion method.
Likewise, ferritin released iron to the exochelin but at a slower rate than other iron binding proteins.
The stimulation 10 operation begins using the site address bus 164 to select the proper site in the channel and the Stim signal to start and stop stimulation.
Similarly, plasma NT-proCNP levels were not associated with the ISS and did not differ between patients with ISS below or above 25.
During operation 48-50℃ distilled water were perfused into abdominal cavities or pelvis cavities in 29 patients with digestive track cancer. Water temperature was kept between 45 ℃ and 47℃ for twenty minutes. Then 5-FU 1000mg was injected into abdominal cavity.
The development of a hybridoma cell strain secreting monoclonal antibody against BVDV1 and BVDV2
Migration of intravenously grafted mesenchymal stem cells to injured heart in rats
systematic study on HPLC analysis is carry out for factors
Expression of recombinant plasmid pET21-PSCA-HSPC was induced with IPTG and identified by Western blot analysis and then recombinant plasmid pET21-PSCA-HSPC was purified.Results The recombinant plasmid pET21-PSCA-HSPC was successfully constructed.SDS-PAGE showed PSCA-HSPC in a soluble form.
The nursing experience of a patient with severe stroke and paralytic ileus was summarized,including psychological intervention,symptoms nursing,gastrointestinal decompression nursing,limb function exercise,skin care,et al.
The present invention relates to a novel arylsulfonylimidazolone derivative represented by the following formula ( I ) which shows a superior antineoplastic activity in contrast to the known sulfonylurea antitumor agents as well as little side effect:
After the operation,2 cases with coxa vara deformity and 1 case with extremity shortness were found in group MIPCCP;1 case with pulmonary embolism,2 cases with coxa vara deformity,1 case with altered tread and 1 case with extremity shortness were found in group PFNA.All the patients with complications were accompanied with different degrees of hip pains.
Cin(20 mg/kg and 60 mg/kg) could in a dose dependent manner, increased the number of TH, TPH, Glu, ChAT positive cells and Nissl body in the CA1 distrits of hippocampuses, and significantly prevented thedecrease of the contents of DA, NA and 5-HT in hippocampuses
Early outcome of orthotopic heart transplantation: a report of 21 cases
include ethyl cellulose, hydroxypropyl cellulose, hydroxypropyl methylcellulose phthalate, shellac, and methacrylate polymer, such as those sold under that tradename EudragitTM E100, S100 and L-100 available from Rohm and Haas company.
Total Thyroidectomy for Bilateral benign Multinodular Goiter
it is further concerned about the very high hiv/aids infection rates, as well as the increase of the mortality rate for reasons directly linked to alcohol abuse from 3.5 to 14.2 for women.
Objective:To improve the expression of Rubella virus E1 gene in transformed tomato for further studies of E1-based edible plant vaccines.
Objective To investigate the the small incision stay stent clinical effects of the fallopian tube to look directly at the anastomosis.
Experimental Study on Antiphlogosis and Abirritation of Xitongning Ointment in Rats
Determination of Bilirubin in Zhenxian Tablets by HPLC
Particularly preferred means for accomplishing this are by exposing the polypeptide to glycosylating enzymes derived from cells which normally provide such processing, e.g., mammalian glycosylation enzymes.
A23187 and cations such as K+ and Zn2+,however, could reduce CaM level just as the influences of IAA or 6-BA with Ca2+.
So it is significant to study soluble acrylic copolymers in solid state and their properties
Use of exogenous AVP in the initial phase of sepsis can improve ABR function and delay the development of sepsis.
synthesis and XPS research of that La_2Mo_2O_9 oxygen ion conductor
mixing polycarbonate having hydroxy terminal groups and a end terminator,
Influence of pregnant health education on the mortality of the pregnant and lying-in women
Conclusion Strict control of blood pressure into the objective state was the key for the treatment of acute aortic dissection
Objective To explore the gender difference on antipsychotic drug use patterns for vagrant mental patients with schizophrenia.
Objectives: To evaluate the significance of nm23 and CD44 genesexpression in breast cancer progression and metastasis.
Traditional Chinese medicine composition for eliminating or alleviatig aches and preparation method thereof
the solid dosage form are tablets, capsule, granules, and bulk powders
According to the number and place of infarction.Patients of SCI group were divided into cortex group(lesions in the cortex),multiple lesion group and a single lesion group(lesions were not in the cortex parts),three groups were compared according to the score.
The whole system is operated in the way of A2/0, which ultimately suppresses the proliferation of the specific and facultative filamentous bacteria, so it is more effectively to avoid the sludge expanding than the regular SBR method
The results of transmission electron microscopy(TEM) and spreading resistance probe(SRP) experiments indicated that the prepared Bi 4Ti 3O 12 thin films had dense, smooth surface morphology and clear, sharp interface as well
tert-Butyl ( 1R*, 2S*, 5S* ) -2-{[ ( 5-chloroindol-2-yl ) carbonyl]-amino}-5- ( metho- xymethyl ) cyclohexylcarbamate
Results: The breaking strengthand bursting pressureof intestinal anastomosis were increased at 12 th postoperatively and lasted for 5 days in FG group, and they were increased and lasted for 14 days in FG/GH group
The influencing factors of reaction yield were investigated,including ratio of reactants,reaction temperature,reaction time,and extractant.When the reaction was carried out under the conditions of n(2-chloroacrylonitrile):n(methyl thioglycolate):n(sodium methoxide) = 1:1.2:3.3,reaction temperature=25~30 ℃ and t=4 h,and using sodium methoxide as extractant,the yield of 3-amino-2-thiophencarboxylate was 88. 2 %.
crosslinkable amphiphilic phospholipid copolymer of 2-methacryloyloxyethylphosphorylcholine (MPC), stearyl methacrylate (SMA) and 3-(Methacryloyloxy) propyltrimethoxysilane is synthesised and the surface structure of the coating is adjusted to mimick outer membrane
improve formulations for drug-coated medical device
Method 80 NPC patients with nonmetastasis, 18 NPC patients with metast asis and 30 healthy control subjects were included in this study. Serum VEGF level was measured with the quantitative sandwich enzyme linked immunosorbent assay(ELISA kit
Nonlimiting examples of suitable ingredients include humectants, lotion, vitamins, perfumes, medicinal agents, therapeutic agents, virucidal agents, odor controlling agents, aroma therapy agents, softening agents and mixtures thereof.
Diphtheria is an acute respiratory infectious disease caused by Corynebacterium diphtheria and is characterized by fever, suffocation, hoarseness, barking cough and white pseudomembrane appearing on pharynx, tonsil and tissues around pharynx and tonsil.
1. Size-class and age-class structures of Larix Chinensis forests: According to the characteristics of size-class and age-class structures of Larix Chinensis population 8 forest-types studying, the 8 forest-types were classified into 3 types: normal school type, double peaks curve type and reverse letter J distributing type.
Figure 11 shows a schematic of the plasmid pTNF encoding, pTNF alpha fusion protein, the protein consists of: tumor necrosis factor alpha in the mature form and in its N terminus six histidine label.
Clinical analysis of the influence of myocardial ischemic preconditioning to acute myocardial infarction
We describe the cases of 4 women with FA examined by fine-needle aspiration biopsy
the composition does not contain any antithyroid agents nor are such agents administered to the feline in conjunction with feeding the feline the composition.
The concentration of B 12 , the bigger distribution coefficient(K d) and single extraction yield(Y)in ASTP-C are increased, but the K d and Y in ASTP-A are decreased.
Moreover, Western blot analysis indicated that DM could significantly reduce the expression of CYP1A1/1A2 protein
Objective Using the method of the European malnutrition risk screening NRS-2002 to prospective assess the primary survey nutritional status of the patients with cancer,and to understand the different types of cancer malnutrition.
Effects of Benazepril Alone or in Combination with Valsartan on Blood Neuroendocrinologic Hormone and Heart Function in Chronic Heart Failure Patients
the seed for selective preference, hybridization and breeding, which are preserve and cultured according to that new method, can never lose the advantage or degenerate
Distribution of Porphyromonas Gingivalis Strains with fimA Genotypes in Puberty Gingivitis Patients and the Ultrastructure Observation
All references to"hydrophilic"is also understood as encompassing any portion of the molecule that is capable of adsorbing water or forming one or more hydrogen-bond (s) with water.
The Comparison of Changes of Dental Arch Width with Patients of Class Ⅱ Division 1 Malocclusion Treated by Two Different Extraction Modalities
The composition can control insects, flies, external and internal animal parasites, fungal organisms, worms, larvae.
Urea employed for the synthesis of organic carbonates can be commercially available grades, and preferably, the purity of the urea is more than 99.5% by weight.
The insulin conjugate according to claim 1, wherein the immunoglobulin Fc region is composed of one to four domains selected from the group consisting of CH1, CH2, CH3 and CH4 domains.
detecting the rice strain corresponding to the total amylum content that is more than 85, the protein content that is lower than 10 percent and the fat content that is lower than 0.5 percent; propagating and evaluating the stability for the genetic character of the verification strain to acquire the specific rice for yellow wine.
Current Situation of Diagnosis for Gastrointestinal Stromal Tumor
Influence of Melatonin on Ultrastructure of Liver Cell and Kidney Distal Convoluted Tubule Cell in Endurance-trained Mice after Exhaustive Exercise
METHODS: The proportion of Th22 cells in the peripheral blood of ITP patients before therapy(group 1),ITP patients in complete response after therapy(ITP-CR,group 2) and healthy donors(group 3) was evaluated by flow cytometry.
The structure of T4 was elucidated on the basis of spectral (UV.IR.MS, FTMS/SCI/H-NMR, 13C-NMR, 1H-1H cosy, 13C-1H cosy) analyses, X-ray and chemical evidence. In preliminary pharmacologic assay, tripchlorolide showed definite anti-inflammatory actions and strong immunosuppressive and antifertilie activities, the potency of the latter being 100 times stronger than that of T
Result: The linear range of absorbance and concentration for tetracaine hydrochloride was 2 12 μg/ml, for ephedrine hydrochloride was 10 50 μg/ml. The average recovery rate for tetracaine hydrochloride and ephedrine hydrochloride were 99.87 ( RSD = 0
The results show the measurement system is stable;
Screening of a Thermostable α-Amylase-producing Strain and Study on It’s Enzymology Properties
Immune detector distribution optimization algorithm with Monte Carlo estimation
study of IgH gene rearrangement in B-NHL before and aft chemical therapy
Cloning Human Papillomavirus 16 Late Gene L 1 from Cervical Carcinoma of Chinese Woman Tissues and Construction of L 1 Recombinant Plasmid
The complement system is tightly regulated by inactivators that accelerate the decay of intermediates and certain cell surface receptors.
Analysis of Urinary Tract Infection in Acute Ttorke
After a warm-up period (60 watts for 3 minutes), subjects underwent a 30-watt increase in load every 3 minutes until reaching a heart rate of 80% of their theoretical maximum (220- age in years).
And the viral genome I'm showing you right here?
Effects of N-methyl Berbamine on Calcium-activated Potassium Currents in Rat Mesenteric Resistance Vascular Smooth Muscle Cells
while serum TG, LDL increased and HDL decreased in CHD group.
The significant difference of the microstructures of the catalysts activated under different atmosphere can be observed by XRD, SEM-EDX, XPS, TPR and BET. Under reduced atmosphere, the V5+ is reduced to V4+, while in oxidation atmosphere, V is almost all in V5+, which indicates that, the difference in reduction degree of V-Mo-O based catalysts leads to the difference in formed active phase, thus affects their corresponding activity and selectivity
The extraction efficiency of PCP in soil by ultrasonic was affected by various solvents,time,temperature and acidity(H2SO4),with the orders of acetonitrile+acid>acetonitrile>dichloromethane,60 min>20 min,40 ℃>0 ℃ and 0.045 mol·L-1>4.5 mol·L-1>0.45 mol·L-1>9.0 mol·L-1>0 mol·L-1,respectively.
Researchers found that the gene expression signature is highly correlated with clinical outcomes in patients with breast cancer and certain other types of solid tumors.
its technical key ly in that that callus formed aft conversion can be cut into small block which is less than or equal to 1 cu. cm, and the cutting times is greater than or equal to 2 time, and a method capable of directly detecting gene can be used for tracing the target gene, and the multiple segmentation treatment can be used to separate out homozygous and quasi-homozygous transformant so as to further obtain the transgenic plant without selective marker.
synthesis of polystyrene-supported Selenovinyl Bromide and its application in that solid-phase synthesis of polysubstituted olefin
some conventional systems are insufficiently versatile, inconvenient to use, and / or not suitable for certain types of procedures such as studies in which the patient stands or sits.
an acid is added to the blend to partially convert the amino groups in the blend to an amine salt.
Types of ribozymes which may be directed against viral infection such as HIV - 1 infection or against non-viral diseases include the hammerhead , hairpin , RNAse P , hepatitis delta virus ( HDV ) , intervening sequence ribozymes of the Group I or Group II type , or catalytic motifs selected by in vitro selection methods .
Conclusions:Our data suggested that acute hypoxic depressed brain mitochondrial respiratory activity and F 0F 1-ATPase activity, ATP content was decreased in brain tissue and brain mitochondrial oxidative phosphorylation function was suppressed
998) with LLOQ of 1. 0 ng/mL.Intra-and inter-day precisions were all less than 9. 0%,with accuracies of ±6.
the functional groups comprise glycidyl ether moieties or glycidyl acrylate moieties .
A patient interface structure for delivery of respiratory therapy to a patient includes a front plate configured to conform to the shape of the patient's face; a mouth cushion defining a breathing chamber and provided to the front plate and configured to seal around the patient's mouth; and a nasal cushion configured to seal the patient's nasal airways.
introduce an expression vector containing foreign gene or mRNA ( messenger RNA ) of that foreign genes into the pig T lymphocytes by applying an electroporation technology and a cell-specific nuclear transfection solution; culture transfected cells, and separating the pig T lymphocytes expressing the foreign genes.
Conclusion Vitreous cavity injection with C 3F 8 gas is valuable in treatment of retina detachment with macular holes
Degradation of Methamidophos by Saccharomyces rouxii WY-3
Through the experiment the factors of Pt load, catalyst dosage, solvent selection, reaction temperature to influence the reaction were researched, and the optimum reaction conditions were determined: Pt load of 1. 6%, catalyst dosage of 5. 5%, toluene solvent, reaction temperature of 100
The method comprises the following steps: dissolving cellulose into a mixed solution of sodium hydroxide and urea, adding ammonium persulfate for initiation at ordinary temperature after obtaining a transparent cellulose solution, sequentially adding a cross-linking agent of N, N'-methylene-bisacrylamide, acrylic acid and an acrylamide monomer, polymerizing at low temperature, and freeze drying after water washing and extrusion pelletization to obtain cellulose-based macroporous gel; immersing into a copper-bearing water solution until adsorption equilibrium, adding a glucose solution after adding a sodium hydroxide water solution, filtering and taking out solid after water bath reaction, freeze drying after water washing to obtain the cellulose-based macroporous gel compound Cu2O visible-light-driven photocatalyst.
the present invention is directed to a site-specific wearable temperature therapy pad which is designed to conform to and allow flexibility against the user 's body.
Making of alcohol product and observation of clinical curative effect on burn
Antibacterial Activity and Stability Study of Antimicrobial Peptides [L6,K11]-IsCT
The Application of Sapylin to Prepare Dendritic-cell-based Anticancer Vaccines from Umbilical Cord Blood;
Antitumor Immunity of Exosomes Derived from Mouse Hepatoma Cell Line (H22)
pain not controlled by medication.
(2) The C944T polymorphism of mineralocorticoid receptor gene is exist in the Chinese population but not associated with pregnancy induced hypertension.
the CTM-infusing therapy treat geriatric cervical vertebra disease
include whole blood, separate cellular fractions of that blood include platelets, separated non-cellular fractions of the blood include plasma,
Clinical Value of Gated Myocardial Single Photon Emission Computed Tomography
Inhibition of Antineoplaston A_(10) on Hep-A-22
Dry-blended or cold-blended protein and starch mixes, while providing desirable moisture and fat absorbing characteristics in a meat emulsion, provide relatively poor gel strength and emulsion stability to a meat emulsion even after the emulsion is cooked
Preferred organic film-forming binders for the powder coating compositions are stoving systems based, for example, on epoxy resins, polyester-hydroxyalkylamides, polyester-glycolurils, epoxy-polyester resins, polyester-triglycidyl isocyanurates, hydroxy-functional polyester-blocked polyisocyanates, hydroxy-functional polyester-uretdiones, acrylate resins with hardener, or mixtures of such resins.
study on correlation Between quality of gluten wheat and technology of Appling nitrogen
Results The effective rate of clinical symptoms and effective rate under endoscopy were 93. 02%,90.70% in treatment group and 72. 09%,69.77% in control group respectively for four weeks.There were significant difference between the two groups(P<0.05).
Methods 48 male SpragueDawley rats were divided into control group, saline control group and model group.The experimental migraine model was established by subcutanceous injection of nitroglycerin(GTN).
Ultrasonic diagnosis and clinical evaluation of pancreatic tumor
The application of the system will contribute to the development of diagnosis techniques.
Transgenic mice which lack the gene for c-ret proto-oncogene (Schuchardt, et al., Nature, 367, 380-383, 1994) were found to have a similar phenotype.
efficacy and safety of three mode of intravenous propofol infusion in painless enteroscopy
Metabolomics and Its Application to Microbial Study
Method for preparing chicken genetic engineering immunopotentiator by akirin2 gene sequence
inhibitor of phosphatase and tensin homolog ( PTEN ) compositions, use and methods
Study on Mordenite for Synthesis of Dimethylamine with Higher Selectivity
(2) modified polyolefin resins obtained by graft polymerizing unsaturated carboxylic acids or their derivatives onto olefin copolymers containing two or more kinds of olefin polymerization units;
The rotary rubbing device can be used for percutaneous puncture interventional therapy to promote self-healing of congenital heart defects with small diameters.
Studies on differentiation of Th2 functional subset among adult peripheral blood cells in vitro
ADSC may constitute a potential cell-based therapeutic alternative for the treatment of PDAC for which no effective cure is available
Leukotriene A4 hydrolase (LTA4H) inhibitors of Formula (I), compositions containing them, and their use for the inhibition of LTA4H enzyme activity and the treatment, prevention or inhibition of inflammation and/or conditions associated with inflammation.
Examples of mammalian expression systems include selected mouse L cells , such as thymidine kinase - negative ( TK ) and adenine phosphoribosul transferase - negative ( APRT ) cells .
Externally-applied powder for treating hypertension
The filter medium 4 absorbs an ultraviolet radiation fraction, UV radiation fraction, of primary radiation emitted by the semiconductor chip 3.
Conclusions:chemosensitivity testing combined immunohistochemical detection may be used for chemotherapy sensitivity prediction of cervical squamous cell carcinoma.
The luminescence spectrum revealed that the emitting peak of the PANI films located at about 520 nm,and the luminescent intensity increases with the increase of the duty cycle.
Observation on the T or B Cell Deficient Mice Infected with Low Virulent Brucella
Expression of pRb in renal tissue from the children with primary nephrotic syndrome
For example, unlike human skeletal muscle, human peripheral blood leukocytes do not express PDE4C message, and guinea pig eosinophils express predominantly PDE4D message.
include: 80 percent or less than 80 percent of aureomycin hydrochloride, 80 percent or less than 80 percent of soluble starch or starch degradation products, 20 percent or less than 20 percent of carbohydrate, and 30 percent or less than 30 percent of purified water.
hypomethylation of gst - gene might be a molecular factor responsible for overexpression of gst -.
They looked at infections and deaths that were reported during the 100 days after surgery
Thereafter, by filtration, washing with an alcohol, such as methanol, washing with water, separation by filtration, and drying, the cyclic compound (A) preferably having a molecular weight of 700 to 5000 is obtained.
it has that effect of keeping moisture, supply nutrients, promoting metabolism, increasing stratum corneum, clean follicular orifices, improving skin elasticity, relieving inflammation, and promoting wound healing, and is a cosmetic preparation with low cost.
The other finding was the highest ultrasonic removal of resorcinol appeared in the presence of Cu/Zn in mass ratio of 1:1 with the dose of 1 g/L with the pseudo-first-order rate constant of 1. 53×10-2 min-1,which was about nine times greater than that of the sole ultrasonic treatment without any catalyst.
by " mitotic spindle formation " herein is meant organization of microtubules into bipolar structures by mitotic kinesins .
Synthesis and Caracterization of Polymer NHS esters Used on Solid Phase Radioimmunoassay
When the conjugate interacts with a target cell or target tissue via the targeting moiety, the donor molecule and the acceptor molecule are separated such that energy transfer between them no longer occurs.
study on microbial community in that soil of Poplar stand and dominant species inhibit Dothiorella gregaria
The Signal Transduction in ROS-Mediated Apoptosis Induced by Selenium Compounds
To Clarify the Relation between the Change of the Brain Imaging and Cognitive Level about Alzheimer' s Disease and Multi - infarct Dementia
instead that reaction can be effect in a batch fashion, with the 1-pentene and 1-hexene being adde simultaneously with ethylene and continuously or discontinuously during the course of the reaction and no product being removed dure the course of the reaction
Methods 125I-IBZM D2 receptor cerebral autoradiographic analysis,HPLC-ECD DA and itsmetabolites,homovanillic acid (HVA),3,4-dihydroxyphenylacetic acid (DOPAC) content detection were used to study in striatum in before treatment,electro-acupuncture treatment and treatment control group.
Keywords quinic acid; biosynthesis; intermediates
hybrid cells obtainable from antigen presenting cells
Referring to TOAST classification,the posterior circulation infarction was classified as large-artery atheroscle-rosis (221 cases),small-artery occlusion(83 cases),cardioembolism(88 cases).other determined etiology(10 cases) and undetermined etiology(33 cases).
hemorrhage will be move up in that tree to become a 21 point talent
the ecm material will be xenogenic relative to the patient receiving the graft, and any added exogenous material ( s ) will be from the same species ( e.g. autologous or allogenic ) as the patient receiving the graft.
The chromatographic condtions are Ion Pac CS12A cationic exchange column,20 mmol/L methanesulfonic acid leacheate and inhibiting electric-conductance detection.
Domestication of Seed Size and Shape Traits in Soybean
A Study on Gene Frequencies of Tongue Movement in Dong and Miao Nationalities;
Results:All the patients recovered and were discharged from hospital,without the occurrence of postoperative bleeding,infection and other postoperative complications.By following up for 6 to 21 months,all patients had good limb movement,without joint stiffness;radiography revealed that tibial and fibular fractures healed well,no fracture nonunion,internal fixation loosening and breaking happened.
Dispatcher-assisted cardiopulmonary resuscitation(CPR) instructions can increase bystander CPR and thereby increase the rate of survival from cardiac arrest
From this point of view, several kinds of synthetic polymers have been investigated, such as poly (N-2- (hydroxypropyl) methacrylamide), poly (divinyl ether-co-maleic anhydride), poly (styrene-co-maleic anhydride), dextran, poly (ethylene glycol), poly (Lglutamic acid), poly (aspartic acid) and poly (L-lysine).
it can be for into aerosol, spray, lotion, gel, ointment, etc, for that treatment of cellulite.
GOS is a mixture of di-to octasaccharides composed of 1 to 7 galactose units linked to a glucose molecule at the reducing end.
Therapeutic efficacy of montelukast on children with moderate and severe allergic rhinitis
Biologically active polysaccharides have been extracted from plantings, animals or bacteria. They not only give foods healthy functions but also appare ntly improve food quality, so they have been widely used in food industry.
Objective To discuss the effects of surgical approaches in treating the dislocation of lower cervical spine.
Thirtytwo babies wit h complex heart disease died in the newborn period, with a mortality of 10.3% .
The Interaction of IGF-1 and IGF Binding Protein 3 in the Yeast Two-hybrid System
the paraelectric material is one of a layered catalytic substance which includes Si in the constituent elements and a layered catalytic substance which includes Si and Ge in the constituent elements.
examples of the unsaturated alcohols include allyl alcohol, methallyl alcohol, crotyl alcohol, etc. beta-unsaturated alcohols such as allyl alcohol are toxic and esters prepared using such alcohols have a tendency to gel. u.s.
Primary study showed that E1A gene could inhibit the proliferation of CCL149 and reduce the cell of S phase and prolong the cells in the G1 phase at the same time E1A sensitizes cell to TNFα induced apoptosis of CCL149 cell.
Study on the Growth-Development Traits and the Reproductive Performance about New Strain of White Rex
work-up, isolation, and purification procedures for valacyclovir hydrochloride can and frequently do use solvents that are or that contain alcohols such as methanol, ethanol or iso-propanol.
Ultrasonographic Diagnosis of 160 Acute Abdomen Cases
The polymorphism of DDAH1 rs3087894C/G was related to hepatitis b virus infection and the level of alpha-fetoprotein(P0.05).
the amount of estradiol administer may correspond to a daily dose ranging from 0.1 to 5 mg,
Identification of active cluster from Shen Xian Bing Formula on anti-myocardial ischemia and analysis of its therapeutic mechanisms in drug-target network
Objective To explore the methods that may improve the success rate of emergency treatment for patients with severe head injury in basic Hospital. Methods 192 patients with severe or specially severe head injury were treated in our hospital from Jannary 1996 to June 2000. Their clinical data were retrospectively analyzed. Results According to Glasgow Coma Scale (GCS), 45 patients(23.44%) belonged to grade Ⅰ(death), 6 (3.13%) grade Ⅱ(vegetative state), 21(10.94%) grade Ⅲ(serious disability); 39(20.31%) gr...
As above in a), the Fyn SH3-derived polypeptide of the invention prevented the up-regulation of KC levels in the serum.
Studies on Chromatin Configuration of Unmatured Mouse Oocyte and Its Relationship with the Meiosis and Development Competence
In the case of sterile powders for the preparation of sterile injectable solutions, the preferred methods of preparation are vacuum drying and freeze drying techniques, which yield a powder of the active ingredient plus any additional desired ingredient present in the previously sterile-filtered solutions.
Effect of dietary n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids on blood glucose and insulin sensitivity in patients with type 2 diabetes
the present invention provides oral compositions comprising an extract derived from semi-oxidized plant tissues , preferably being or including leaves , of the genus Camellia , preferably Camellia sinensis .
Objective To investigate the clinical effects of zexie decoction on essential hypertension.
Ar is selected from phenyl groups or alkyl groups of C1 to C4 in stead of the phenyl groups.
in particular, that membrane may comprise a lipid, a phospholipid or mixture of the two.
Conclusion Breast reconstruction with pedicled flap,TRAM or Latissimus dorsi,was both effective and safe,furthermore synthetic mesh applied was able to strengthen abdominal wall and avoid abdominal hernia.
acute undifferentiated cell leukemia
If there is any endometrium present it will respond to stimulation by oestrogens.
such auxiliary are, for example, natural binders, such as starch, casein, protein or gelatin, cellulose ether, such as carboxyalkylcellulose or hydroxyalkylcellulose, alginic acid, alginates, polyethylene oxide or polyethylene oxide alkyl ethers, copolymers of ethylene oxide and propylene oxide, polyvinyl alcohol, water-soluble condensation product of formaldehyde with urea or melamine, polyphosphates or polyacrylic acid salts.
The interaction between endogenous CO and NO in regulating the pathogenesis of hypertension of diabetic rats
Expression of Epstein-Barr virus membrane antigen induces lymphoma in transgenic mice
8413 The product is effective in nourishing blood, invigorating qi, nourishing heart, tranquilizing mind, improving eyesight, and relieving vertigo; and can be used to treat neurasthenia, vexation, fatigue, insomnia, dreaminess, uneasiness, snore, dizziness, and headache.
The present invention relates to multi-purpose aqueous cleaning compositions comprising hydrogen peroxide, a 2-alkyl alkanol, a hydrophobic surfactant having an HLB below 14 and an anionic surfactant.
The constructed screening models have been applied with patent “Construction and Application of Models for Screening Therapeutic Drugs for AD” 200910051974.1.
260; 285-302 or recently reported enzyme linked immunosorbent assay ( elisa ) jilani et ah, leukemia res 2004, 28; 1255-62, both assay methods having inadequate selectivities and sensitivities required for pharmacokinetic studies and monitoring purposes.
Conclusions Only bile drainage should be done in patients with iatrogenic injury of the bile duct within 24 hours
Analysis on Surveillance Data of Hepatitis B Virus Infection Before and After the Implementation of Hepatitis B Vaccination Among Residents in Liaocheng City
SP mRNA in stress group on the 20th day was significantly decreased compared with that on the 10th day(P<0.05).However,it was higher than that in the control group(P0.05).
A role of nitric oxide and endothelin in bronchial hyperreactivity in patients with mild and middle asthma
Preparation of protein filling agent from chrome shavings
For example, tissues adjacent a PFO include septum primum tissue, septum secundum tissue, atrial septal tissue lateral to the septum primum or septum secundum, tissue within the tunnel of the PFO, tissue on the right atrial surface or the left atrial surface of the atrial septum and the like.
In addition, IL 1β could significantly increase NOS activity (from 0.201± 0.051 U/mg protein to 0.382±0.106 U/mg protein, P <0.01)and NO production by luteal cells incubated in vitro for 12 h.
When the concentration of La is 0~80 μmol·L-1 , the activities of RuBPcase increase, and the activation effect of La on initial activity is higher than that on total activity.
congeneric species
This is accomplished, inter alia, by using a marker gene for cell transformation that converts a source of carbon that does not support cell growth and proliferation (a non-useful carbon source) into a carbon source that supports cell growth and proliferation (a useful carbon source).
Experimental study of intrathymic injection of donor spleen cells induces specific tolerance to cardiac allografts
Methods The clinical and pathological features of 45 cases of WG were retrospectively investigated.
in that invention, the alkali-soluble oxysalt of co-catalytic element is adde into the extraction solution of alkali metal hydroxide for activation, alternatively the hexavalent oxide or oxyacid of the oxysalt is formed in the extraction solution, wherein the concentration of oxysalt, or hexavalent oxide, or oxyacid in the extraction solution is 0. 1-2.0 mol/L.
Studies on Apoptosis Induced by VP2 of Infectious Bursal Disease Virus
2.3 Preparation of mice loaded with tumor cell;
Methods Retrospective analysis was 38 cases who was diagnoses with central placenta previa from January 2008 to August 2011 in our hospital,uterine packing and injecting carboprost tromethamine have been used in cases of postpartum hemorrhage during cesarean section.
A dicyandiamide low viscosity epoxy resin system accelerated by substituted urea was investigated. It is adapted for tape winding and can be fairly cured at 125℃ with contact pressure.
in ord to obtain high level, constitutive expression in mammalian cells that SIV derive synthetic GagPol gene was placed into the KpnI and XhoI restriction sites of pcDNA3.1 ( + ) expression vector under the transcriptional control of the immediate-early promoter-enhancer of the cytomegalovirus ( CMV ) result in plasmid Sgpsyn ( encoding ).
A consistent result of reduction of PP2A in AD cells was also produced when the PP2A-immunoreactive signals were normalized against the total protein loaded on the SDS-gel.
said antigen-binding sites are each a pair of an antibody heavy chain variable domain and an antibody light chain variable domain
Cause and prevention of biliary duct injury in laparoscopic cholecystectomy
5%);the diameter stenosis of the deep mural coronary artery in systole phase was 40%~70%(mean,52%).Conclusion 256 CTCA can clearly show myocardial bridge,assess lumen changes of mural coronary artery with images of systole phase and diastole phase,and provide hemodynamic information for clinical treatment and surgery.
Methods 70 patients with cardiovascular neurosis were randomly divided into two groups using envelope method,35 cases in each group.
the compounds of formula ( ii ) and pharmaceutically acceptable salts thereof may be used on their own but will generally be administered in the form of a pharmaceutical composition in which the compound / salt / solvate ( active ingredient ) is in association with a pharmaceutically acceptable adjuvant, diluent or carrier.
global myocardial ischemia
The symptoms of ostealgia,skin itching and vomitting were greatly improved in patients on the next day of operation,with PTH obviously declined(71. 4%-94. 1%) and serum calcium returned to the normal level.
C-Kit staining was conducted to confirm the phenotype of ICC.
since they have a large surface area and increase the adsorption amount of an enzyme.
Extraction of total saponins from the flower of Rhaponticum uniflorum by ultrasonic wave
A wide variety of non-neuronal secretory cells , such as , adrenal medulla ( as well as the PC12 cell line ) and pancreatic islet cells release catecholamines and parathyroid hormone , respectively , from large dense - core vesicles .
The fracture healing time of 14 cases(70. 00%) is 6 ~ 8 weeks,which of 5 cases(25. 00%) is 8 ~ 12 weeks,which of 1 case(5. 00%) were prolonged.
study on effect of dietary BRF on cholesterol metabolism of apoE-deficient mice to inhibit Athelogenesis
intercept alar transfusion device
the solvent was distil off under reduce pressure, and that residue was dissolved in N, N-dimethylformamide ( 80 ml), sodium azide ( 13.0 g) was added, and the mixture was stirred at 65. degree. C. for 19 hour
Application status of myocardial fractional flow reserve in patients with acute coronary syndrome
Research on the Candidate Gene for Beijing's Breast Muscle Development
7-(3-aminomethyl-4-alkoxyimino-1-piperidyl)-1-[(1R,2S)-2-fluorocyclopropyl] quinolone carboxylic acid compounds and preparation method thereof
Twelve lambs born spring of 2005 and weaned on May 5 and three 1.2 ha bermudagrass paddocks were used to evaluate the relationships between animal forage intake and forage canopy spectral absorbance over a nine week period, and also estimate heterosis, maternal breed effects and direct breed effects for forage intake, in order to optimize livestock production system of grazing sheep、keep balance of grassland-livestock and environment improvement.
Abstract: In the study,six different ecotype varieties of common wheat and F derived from ¡Á complete diallel crossing system were selected for the research on the characteristics and heterosis of spike differentiation.The results showed that heterosis existed in most key spike differentiation phases and varied with different ecotype varieties.Heterosis of spike differentiation was positively correlated with heterosis of hybrid yield.Finally,the author concluded that it was the best way to produce strong heterosis combination by selecting the mode of “Spring wheat ¡ÁWinter wheat” in Huanghuai Winter Wheat Region.
This suggests that an unbalanced expression of metastasis related-genes and metastasis suppressor -genes is an impor- tant cause of papillary thyroid carcinoma and permits lymph node metastasis.
The relative activity of FAD2 decreased continuously during the seeds developing.
Conclusion There is a significant clinical effect of insulin glargine with repaglinide for the treatment of type 2 diabetic nephropathy of the elderly.
the size and shape of these structures varies with the specific composition of the amphiphilic molecule and solvent conditions such as pH , ionic strength and temperature .
“The current health care system is really a ‘disease care’ system, designed to treat disease only after it has manifested itself,” explains Hedtke.
comparative studies between the sinus node and the atrioventricular node have revealed relatively few histological differences.
Chinese medicinal composition for treating diarrhoea
have there still been no cases brought under gender equality act no. 96/2000?
The Expression and Function of Smad7 During Human Tooth Germ Development
Conservative treatment of early and moderate pellucidmarginal degeneration: A new refractive approachwith intracorneal rings
Conclusion:PTC-CT location in bile duct cancer is suitable for SRT treatment.
The modified alginate was characterized by FTIR spectra, fluorescence, transmission electronic microscopy, scanning electronic microscopy, UV spectrum, thermal analysis
LIVER DAMAGE IN SLE (A PATHOLOGICAL REPORT OF 20 CASES)
Karyotype, performance status, FAB subtype and WBC were significantly associated to the CR rate in univariate analyses.
DETERMINATION OF PHENYLAZAPURINONE IN TABLETS BY UV SPECTROPHOTOMETRY
The trial was conducted in a two-arm, parallel-group manner to compare two different dosing schedules (QD vs.TID) of a total daily dose of 3000 mg mesalazine (Salofalk? granules) and according to a three-stage group sequential adaptive design with possible sample size adjustments after interim analysis.
The gene expression of transforming growth factor-beta1, transcription factor Smad3 and Smad7 in lung were analysed by using immunohistochemical technique(SP) and the image analysis.
In addition, the immunofluorescence revealed that AFP-specific iRNA is capable of inducing the expression of membranous anti-AFP antibodies or AFP receptors on mouse spleen cells.
Objective To explore the related factors of the recent prognosis and provide the theoretical basis for prevention and treatment for ST-elevation myocardial infarction(STEMI) patients.
Collection of Peripheral Blood Stem Cells from ABO Incompatible Allogeneic Donors by Using Blood Cell Separator
Methods External noses of 100 youth female(natural group) and 30 female undergoing rhinoplasty with alloplastic materials(operative group) were chosen.After the activity critical point A was confirmed,the activity of nose tip,the length of A-P and the nasal length were measured.
Regularity of dynamic change of T was accorded with left ventricular end-diastolic pressure(LVEDP
In 1947 there was no cure for TB - doctors prescribed fresh air and a regular diet - but there was a new, experimental drug on the market, streptomycin
The first group, 9 patients, underwent profound hypothermia (nasopharyngeal temperature 18-22℃) and second group with moderate hypothermia (nasopharyngeal temperature 28-32℃).
the amine terminate polyamide is prepared by react a carboxylic acid selected from C18-C60 dicarboxylic acids, C18-C60 dicarboxylic acid derivatives and mixture thereof, optionally containing di- or polycarboxylic acids or acid derivatives having from 4 to 20 carbon atoms in an amount ranging from 0-10% based on all carboxylic acids, and at least one amine having that formula:
By using such preservation solutions to the cells isolated from stool which are exfoliated from the large intestine, the cells can be preserved for a long time without altering the molecular profiling thereof such as gene expressions of the cells
Study on Submerged Culture Process for Pholiota Adiposa
Expression of VEGF¡¢EGFR¡¢p16 in lip cancers and oral squamous cell carcinomas and their clinic significance
Objective To study the value of combination assay of multiplex RT PCR and karyotypic analysis in the diagnosis and classification of childhood acute lymphoblastic leukemia(ALL).
The invention discloses a Chinese medicinal composition for treating postpartum depression, and relates to the technical field of traditional Chinese medicine.
Twenty patients showed decreased PER, PFR(54 05
Clinical analysis on 27 cases of traumatic subdural effusion
Conclusion CT guided percutaneous biopsy of pulmonary is simple,exact,fast,safe and effective,its clinical meaning is very important.
Conclusion Clinical nursing practice,communication,health education,nursing management and nursing research abilities were the basic competences of nursing undergraduate student.
Plant taxonomy is a long historic science,it stems from classic taxonomy on the basis of configuration to chromosome classification and to taxonomy by means of biochemistry marker.
According to prescription medicines for each taste the chemical composition, physical and chemical properties, pharmacology and function of indications, clinical application and other characteristics, to develop ethanol as the extracting solvent on preparation
just like a parasitic malignant tumor of car' development,
FIG. 10 is a series of images depicting the results of an apoptosis assay performed on primary cells isolated from human patients diagnosed with either AML or ALL.
superovulation and parthenogenetic activation in rabbit
The dichloromethane was best extractant for extracting limonin from Citrus maxima peel and the optimal extracting technological conditions were as follow:the ratio of solid to liquid at 1:12,refluxed for 2 times and 2 h each time,temperature of 50℃.There was strong insecticidal activity of limonin in Citrus maxima to 3 kinds of the insect pests tested.
conclusion Heparin can retard the progress of peritoneal fibrinosis related with CAPD and is beneficial to the process of CAPD probably by reversing the inhibitory effect of high hlucose on PMC proliferation and decreasing the pro-motive effect of high glucose on PMC expression of the IL-
A nursing experience on the case of the patient suffering from paroxysmal supraventricular tachycardia combined with dilated cardiomyopathy complicated by malignant arrhythmia
Conclusion:The number,degree and extent of positive lymph nodes that particularly in the subcarinal region are important factors to prognosis of patients with EC,but the survival curve was similar in the different fields of lymph node dissection both in the EC and EJC group.
An upper limit was reached at 45 mg of polymer per ml of ethanol because, with such a high concentration of polymer, the EHD processing resulted in fibre production rather than droplet production, regardless of whether or not solid particulate material suspended in the formulation.
Median oerall surial of all 211 patients was 49.3 months.
The vector as claimed in claim 57 wherein the nucleotide sequence encodes malaria antigens selected from d83-30-38 and d42 and d190 fragments of MSP1 or Diversity Covering (DiCo) AMA1 or CS protein
X represents a nitrogen atom or a group N--R1 wherein R1 represents a hydrogen atom or a linear or branched (C1 C6)alkyl group, a (C3 C8)cycloalkyl group, a (C3 C8)cyclo-alkyl-(C1 C6)alkyl group in which the alkyl moiety is linear or branched, an aryl group, an aroyl group, an aryl-(C1 C6)alkyl group;
the result mixture was cooled to 50 deg. c and 10 % by weight of methyl isobutyl ketone base on that total weight of the composition was added to the resulting mixture to obtain a low viscosity multifunctional urethane acrylate oligomer having a viscosity of 13,000 cps at 25 c
in one embodiment of that invention, the composition can additionally contain the desire biologically active substance selected from a pharmaceutical agent and an antigenic molecule in the solution prior to lyophilization.
the same effect can be achieve by protecting that matrix nucleic acid at its 3'-end against enzymatic extension, e. g. by use a non-extendable mononucleotide
lead to that formation of reinforced stabilize enzyme capsules that contain an enzyme incorporated membrane with an internal hydrogel support.
Mothods: The mouse model of immunological hepatitis was established by intravenously injecting of BCG(5×10 6 bacilli/mouse) and after 10 days intravenously injecting of lipopdysaccharide (7.5μg/mouse).
Sequencing and Sequence Analysis of ns1 and vp2 Gene of Porcine Parvovirus NJ Strain
In chronic hepatitis B, sustained antiviral response takes place in less than 40% of the cases [1].
Methods:6 patients with neoplasm were treated by PHOTOFRIN/DIOMED 630 PDT.
Routine treatment includes the following methodtreating cold syndrome with hot natured drug, treating heat syndrome with cold natured drug, treating deficiency syndrome by replenishment, treating excess syndrome by purgation, etc
Objective To observe the impacts of procyanidins(PC) on the proliferation of hepatic stellate cell(HSC) and production of tissue inhibitor of matrix metalloprotease-1(TIMP-1) induced by leptin.
Simulated moving bed chromatography separation method for preparing ginsenoside Rb1
investigation on isozyme of lactate dehydrogenase in yellow riv schizothoracin ( Schizopygopsis pylzovi
SURFACE MODIFICATION AND TREATMENT OF INORGANIC NANO-PARTICLES--SURFACE GRAFTING POLYMERIZATION OF PMMA ON NANO-SiO_2 PARTICLES
Study on Variation of Flavonoids and Terpenoides Contents in Ginkgo seeds
The result of X-ray diffraction structural analysis at low temperature shows that there exists a phase transition in the multiphase superconductor in the low temperatupe range (123-173 K
Glucose Monitoring
bovis can be cured at dosage of 0. 2mg/kg of body weight after administering one time;It has good effect for serious infecting cattle to administer again at interval 10d.
the fractions that contained pimecrolimus of sufficient purity according to analysis by hplc are combined and extracted with 10 v / v % acetonitrile.
the antibody specifically identifies the granule antigen of the rabies virus, is against the rabies virus glycoprotein G, has obvious immunofluorescence reaction and enzyme linked immunosorbent assay with the rabies virus and has the neutralizing activity function against rabies virus infection.
It is essential for non-ST elevated acute coronary syndrome(NSTEACS) patients to receive optimal management because of the higher morbidity and mortality of their condition.However,early risk stratification plays a critical role in the non-ST elevated acute coronary syndrome management.
The preparation method of extracting collagen spiral peptide from the tissue of forest frog has the advantages that the biological alistin of the forest frog on the forest frog body, i.e. the collagen spiral peptide, which is equipped with a spiral amphiphilic structure and a cell membrane and a skin with high compatibility, is formed into biological health product of the collagen spiral peptide of the forest frog after biological enzymolysis, modification, separation and purification and concentration, and thereby providing a new path for the medical value and the edible value of frost frog.
ion-exchange preparation and characterization of potassium titanate nanofiber
Serum HDL-cholesterol and ratio of HDL-cholesterol/total cholesterol varied with age
surface feature 88 can frictionally engage that surface of the upper vertebrae and / or the surface of the lower vertebrae such that once the loadbearing body 80 is implant, new bone ingrowth can occur into and through the loadbearing body 80
Immune phenotype,and the tumor cell cytoplasm Vimentin,SMA showed diffused strong positive.
Objective To explore the method and effect of local anesthesia-assisted thoracoscopic on refractory tuberculous pleurisy.
The Maize Pathogenesis-Related Proteins
Clinical Observation of Vanish Flat Verruca Therapy for 130 Patients with Verruca Plana
present dosing methods for targeted therapy do not take into account the detailed spatial and temporal biodistribution of the targeted agent in the specific patient.
heretofore real time location of the bony anatomy has been done through the use of x-rays in a computer aided tomography ( cat ) scan.
The health-related quality of patients' life was rated with use of the EQ-5D index
Study on Treatment Effect of 220 Cases of Nephrotic Syndrome with Severe Edema
Plants and products thereof-fruits, fruits of eggplant, capsicum and tomato, seeds of maize and soybean, potato tuber and reproductive materials, seedling, cutting of the genus Ulmus, seedling and slip of the genus Pinus, germ, seedling, seed of hevea, reproductive materials of the genus Nicotiana, tobacco leaf, Pathogenic micro-organisms (including seed cultures of bacteria and viruses) of plants, insect pests and other harmful organisms, genetically modified organisms, soil,
The surgical creation of an artificial opening in the bony part of the inner ear so as to improve or restore hearing
Synthesis of 1-O-acetyl-2,3,5-tri-O-benzoyl-β-D-ribofuranose and Polyhydroxylated Piperidine Alkaloids
Bone joint and muscle strengthening exercises can be effective prevention and treatment of osteoarthritis of the occurrence and development
figure 20 illustrates a gfp reporter gene transfection assay in 923 cells with a transfectable glass slide system spotted with cationic polymer -gelatin or cationic lipid -gelatin transfection mixture.
Combining communicative scenarios and role-play tasks,this study aims to explore the developmental characteristics of politeness strategies among Chinese primary school children(grades 3-6).
Clinical significance of measuring angel of lesser pancreas in diagnosis of neoplasm in the head of pancreas
Study on vinyl acetate latex modified with vinyl ester of versatic acid
Tumor necrosis factor alpha sounds a pretty intimidating molecule. And, indeed, it is
premature ventricular depolarization
A total of 305 patients were randomised and received study medication.
the alkyl ether sulfate may be present in that composition of the present invention in an amount of 3 to 35 percent by weight, often 10 to 30 percent by weight, more often 20 to 30 percent by weight, base on the total weight of the composition
in that final methyl oxidation reaction step in the method disclose by the invention, solid sodium hydroxide and methanol are added to replace the exist sodium methylate, therefore, the quality and yield of the crude product are improved, the yield and inherent quality of a finished product are also obviously improved, and after refine of the crude product, a sulfadoxine product of which the melting point and appearance are obviously improved can be obtained.
survey of incidence of cow mastitis in W Liaoning and that integrated control measure
Experimental results show that SHS has good high temperature retarding performance.Thickening time can achieve 343min at 150℃.The temperature sensitivity and dosage sensitivity coefficient are in the required range of the industry standard.It has little adverse effects on rheological properties,free fluid and compressive strength.
Therefore, supernatant from the effector cells stimulated in vitro for CTL assay was collected and tested them for the release of yIFN, IL-4, and IL-12 using available ELISA kits (Biosource, Camarillo, CA).
Comparative Study on Laparoscopic Surgery and Laparotomy in Treating Cervical Cancer
Human placental form of glutathione S-transferase(GST-π) was detected in 48 human gastric carcinomas, 12 colonic carcinomas and 12 rectal carcinomas by Avidin biotin peroxidase complex method using anti-GST-π antibody.
It is thus desirable to prepare the salt solution directly from the fermentation broth, without isolating and purifying the SA.
suitable promote sequences in yeast vector include that promoters for metallothionein, 3-phosphoglycerate kinase or other glycolytic enzymes, such as enolase, glyceraldehyde-3-phosphate dehydrogenase, hexokinase, pyruvate decarboxylase, phosphofructokinase, glucose-4-phosphate isomerase, 3-phosphoglycerate mutase, pyruvate kinase, triosephosphate isomerase, phosphoglucose isomerase and glucokinase.
"It may be that someone's disease progresses beyond the point where surgery might usually give a cancer patient a potential cure, but the patient then receives palliative care only," he said.
For the erosive type of OLP Coix Seed,figwort Root,red Peony Root et al were the top 9 frequently used herbs.
Effects of clinorotation-induced weightlessness on the metabolism of type Ⅰ collagen in cultured cardiac fibroblasts
She was in no pain; the automatic administration of regular doses of morphine from a syringe carefully strapped to her chest ensured this.
In that case, the carboxyl group at its non-reducing end was allowed to form lactone together with the hydroxyl group at position 8 at the reducing end.
Application of Autologous Blood Salvage Technique in Orthotopic Liver Transplantation
Methods:A total of 100 adult patients(age range,36-66 years) with isthmic spondylolisthesis were divided into two groups.One group(56 cases) was treated with posterior lumbar interbody fusion and fixation,the other group was treated with posterolateral fusion and fixation.
Methods:124 patients with avascular necrosis were given Osteonecrosis Capsule with double crutches to avoid weight-bearing.
Results The LV venous system was clearly observed in all patients.The best imaging was achieved in 91. 2% of the patients when the R-R interval of body surface ECG was 30%-50%.One of the 2 most frequently used target veins(postero-lateral vein and lateral vein) in CRT was not found in 23. 6%-26. 4% of the patients,while both of them were not be observed in 5. 5% of the patients.
Applicable study of patient-controlled epidural analgesia in peri-interventional uterine arterial embolization for uterine myomata
influence of peripheral blood hemoglobin on that result of radiotherapy for middle-advanced cervical carcinoma
The invention discloses a composite disinfectant consisting of sodium chlorite, citric acid and bentonite.
Conclusion The NRHL was uncommon and its cause and pathogenesis was unclear,may be related with immune and hepatic blood circulation disorder.
Method for batch detecting susceptibility gene of common brain disease
Oxygen radicals generating in AP-TEMED system measured directly by ESR and spin trapping methods were distinguished as 0_2~(-) and ·OH by spectra of computer simulation and parameters calculated from the spectra.
improvement of that indirect IgG ELISA and its preliminary application in serotype of hemorrhagic fever with renal syndrome infection
Objective:To study effects and significance of combination transateral chemo embolization(TACE) and percutaneous ethanol injection(PEI) in the treatment of hepatocellular carcinoma(HCC).
cardiovascular failure was the cause of death in three cases, and cerebral haemorrhage/kidney failure in one case.
Results indicated that phenanthrene and naphthalene single and combined treatments had an inhibition effect on seed germinating potentiality and germination rate,especially in higher mass concentration treatments.
Of all, the breadth diameter of femoral vein of 13 lower extremities is ≤1 4 cm, the femoral vein of 28 lower extremities have a pair valvulae, 21 lower extremities have two pair valvulae, a lower extremity has three pair valvulae
The term term " inflammation " as used herein , refers to the tissue response to trauma , characterized by increased blood flow and entry of leukocytes into the tissues , resulting in swelling , redness , elevated temperature and pain .
Synthesis of Azelaic Acid with Peracetic Acid under Microwave Irradiation
These data suggest that newly formed synapses in the 100 Hz tetanus-induced L-LTP group are larger than those in the 2 Hz group and that 100 Hz tetanus might trigger reorganization or synthesis of postsynaptic cytoskeleton
Several laboratory applications of 125I-SPA, including the radio-receptor assay of TSabs, the solidphase RIA of trichinosis antibodies and the RIA of IgG-CIC, have been evolved in the present research. All methods are based on the selective binding of SPA to the Fc region of IgG. A general procedure was recommended for detection of IgG antibodies These applications of 125I-SPA show that being a specific, sensitive and general radio-tracing reagent. SPA can be used in a variety of immunological techniques.
one side of the hydrophobin membrane is moderately to highly hydrophilic ( water contact angles below 90,
Study on Trehalose Production from Starch by Enzymatic Method
Deoxyribozymes have some catalytic functions, such as RNA transesterification, DNA transesterification, porphyrin metalation, peroxidase activity, DNA kinase activity and DNA ligase activity.
Consequently, immunity towards exogenous and endogenous challenges such as bacterial and viral infections, neoplastic or malignant cells, etc. is systemically reduced.
In the hAGT-Ura3 construct (Example 2) Ura3 is replaced by CCP (without its mitochondrial targeting sequence) carrying the mutations D217P and D224Y (Iffland et al., Biochem Biophys Res Commun 286: 126-132, 2001).
Results If the result of two methods is the golden standard,the sensitivity and specificity of MG-MOAfor testing MTB is 93. 5%,100%.
Protein Score *
Expression of Cyclin G1 in Cervical Carcinoma and Its Correlations with P27 and HPV
Focal and single-vessel appeared more in young group,while multi-vessel lesions more in elderly group(P<0.05).
As drugs have improved, use of the metal has declined, though it is still used for a rare form called acute promyelocytic leukaemia
Objective : To explore the method for judgment of prognosis of peripheral paralysis and course of treatment
Will you be prescribing any medication before the surgery?
Primary study on the correlation between CT cppearances and PCNA expression in renal cell carcinoma
in vitro experimental study on mar neural stem cells derive from human bone marrow with green fluorescence protein
in addition to that enteral and parenteral route of administration used for vaccination, non-vaccine application might require other procedure.
There was no statistical difference in variation coefficient and central corneal thickness between two groups( all P > 0. 05).
Effect of Ligustrum lucidum extracts on training rat tissue antioxidant enzyme activities and GSH content
The present invention relates to novel chemical syntheses of ribonucleotide reductase inhibitors.
The difference is significant (p<0.05).
Reactive Protein Increases the Expression of Receptor for Advanced Glycation End-products in Human Endothelial Cells
The Application of Activated Partial Thromboplastin Time in the Monitor of Therapeutic Effect of Heparin in Acute Coronary Syndrome
The residue was crystallised from toluene to afford title compound as cream crystals, 1.4 g.
to create access for minimally invasive surgery or as the prelude to an osteotomy .
electrochemical acupuncture filiform needle and multihead surface characteristic difference device of intradermic needle
The Studies on Molecularly Imprinted Solid Phase Extraction and Solid Phase Microextration of Dibutyl Phthalate
include terephthalic acid, isophthalic acid, bibenzoic acid, naphthalic acid, substitute dicarboxylic compounds with benzene nuclei such as bis methane, 1, 5-naphthalene dicarboxylic acid, 2, 6- naphthalene dicarboxylic acid, 2, 7-naphthalene dicarboxylic acid, 4, 4' -sulfonyl dibenzoic acid,
Frequencies for 15 STR loci were obtained.
Domestic Meropenem in Treatment of Infection for Multi-drug Resistant Bacteria: A Clinical Study
An analysis of senile chronic obstructive lung disease complicated by spontaneous pneumothorax(52 case reports attached)
The invention provides a pharmaceutical composition for treating cardiovascular and cerebrovascular diseases, its preparing process and use thereof, wherein the composition is prepared from ginkgo leaves lactones, red peony root glycosides or white peony root glycosides, various injection preparations and pharmacologically allowable dose forms such as oral administration preparations can be produced through charging auxiliary materials.
The rate of protein obtained through this method of isolation is 6.o%.
Ratings were performed for persons with schizophrenia they have been treating for 6 months or more
Safety pharmacology studies on test article to central nervous system, cardiovascular system, respiratory system and digestive system of animals are available in our center.
However,clopidogrel has drawbacks which leads to find the ideal antiplatelet therapy.
Full-length cDNA Cloning and Expression Analysis of RPT4 in Anther of Kenaf(Hibiscus cannabinus L.)
vascular disease
Results & Conclusion: The htrA deletion mutant and HtrA enzyme-inactived mutant of S. flexneri 2a strain 2457T were constructed.
Experiment Study of mCD99L2 Gene Targeted siRNA Transforms the Mouse A20 Cell Line into H/RS-like Cell
Methodological Study on Preparation of a Novel Myocardial Perfusion Imaging Agent:~(99m)Tc-Q_3
The Biological Significance and the Related Molecular Mechanism of Ets1 mRNA Expression in Lung Cancer TMA
Protein medicine-carrying nano particle synthesis method
Genetic Polymorphism of DXS7423,DXS7424,DXS7132,DXS7133,DXS6804 Loci on X-chromosomein Ewenke Population
Effects of mitochondrial permeability transition pore specific inhibitor cyclosporine A (CsA) and highly expressed Bcl 2 on the apoptosis of HL 60 cells induced by EGTA were studied
Objective: To investigate biological reaction and X-ray appearance of titanium plate combined with implants after implanted into mandibular defect of goats
In the mixed culture, bacterial and algal growth and P-takeups are less than pure culture.3. Inorganic phosphate can be stored during the growth of algal .This mechanism would enhance their ability to compete for the nutrition with bacteria; additions of external carbon have beneficial to bacterial P-takeup
It was first found that HZSM-5 was an excellent support of Pt-Co catalysts for direct heterogeneous hydrogenation-esterification of acetaldehyde and acetic acid.
Association Analysis of Gene Expression and Gene Function
While prior needle assemblies have provided needle tip shields to reduce the occurrence of needle sticks, these prior enclosures and clips have not sufficiently addressed the risk that clinicians and equipment may be exposed to blood from the needle without experiencing a needle stick.
in that invention the flan sequence of the foreign insert of the transgene rice strain Zhe round-grained nonglutionous rice 22Bt is firstly cloned, and can be definitely use for target DNA ( deoxyribonucleic acid ) amplification segments to build sensitive and specific transgene rice strain Zhe round-grained nonglutionous rice 22Bt for qualitative and quantitative PCR ( polymerase chain reaction ) detection on strain specificity.
suitable di-functional fatty acid include hydroxy fatty for example hydroxy stearic acid. acids.
Study on the Inhibitory Action of HDACI on Choriocarcinoma Cell JAR Lines in Vitro
The results showed that the broiler average daily weight gain, average daily feed intake, skin and shank color of the treatment Ⅱ were increased 5.05%, 3.41%, 0.7% and 1.25% than those of treatment
THE EFFECT OF EMERGENCY CARE PATH IN RESCUING PATIENTS WITH ACUTE MYOCARDIAL INFARCTION
Research on Experiment and Numerical Simulation of Soy Protein Extrusion Texturization;
Studies on Substitute for Bone Tissue Influence Osteoblast Growth and Attachment in Cultured Fetal Human Calvaria Cells
study on immunogenicity of BVDV Gene vaccine in de
include a determination of amino acid sequence, amino acid composition, peptide map
Research on Chinese Painting from the Angle of Gene
However,Fermented milk by combined L. casei Zhang with B. lactis V9 possess markedly higher favorable sensory scores than L. casei Zhang fermented milk,suggesting that it is more suitable for probiotic yoghurt manufacture.
Glucose present in the sample is oxidized in reaction 11 by an enzyme, such as glucose oxidase to form gluconic acid (or gluconolactone) and reduced enzyme.
Animal Experimental Study of Pathological Changes of Myocardial Infarction at Early Stage
histological observation of giant stomach ulcer and carcinomatous change
Nursing on Patients with Acute Exacerbations of COPD during Treated with Bi-level Positive Airway Pressure Ventilation
It has important significance to evaluate the cytotoxicity of pyrrolizidine alkaloids in vitro for illuminating hepatotoxic mechanisms of pyrrolizidine alkaloids, finding drugs against the toxicity of pyrrolizidine alkaloids, and guaranteeing clinical medication security
many of these proteins have important functions and higher plasma levels of these acute phase reactants ( APRs ) or acute phase proteins ( APPs ) are required during the acute phase response following an inflammatory stimulus .
PHASE-TRANSFER CATALYTIC SYNTHESIS OF HIGHER ALKYL CHLORIDE
Effect of Liver-Soothing Herbal Drugs on Serum cAMP,cGMP Level and Thymus Cell's Apoptosis in Stressed Mice
The main characteristics of Rhizobium-Legume symbiotic nitrogen fixation system are :(1) Formation of nodules, (2) Development of bacteroids,(3) Composition of nitrogenase system and expressing in nitrogen fixing activity, and (4) Formation of leghemoglobin.
Resistance against erythromycin in Streptococcus suis
1. Capsular firmness:(1) Baker scales: Baker scales of the control group (saline groups) were evidently higher than that of the three experiment groups (triamcinolone acetonide groups, papaverine groups and hyaluronidase groups) (p<0.01).
Determination of Germanium in Enriched Germanium Panax ginseng Cells(GSC) by Micellar Solubilizing Spectrophotometry
The clinical value of auto antibodies detection in diagnosis of primary sclerosing cholangitis
Conclusion: Estrone stimulates bone formation and inhibites bone resorption in vitr o
The effect of water,vapour and mixture(20%H_2O+80%O_2)on the processes of oxygen relief-absorption degradation and hydrolysis in YBa_2Cu_3O_(7-x)compounds has been studied over the tempera- ture range of 285-1223K by using systematic TGA(thermogravimetric analysis),X-ray diffraction and resist- ance measurement.
Atypical pulmonary manifestations of left heart failure
The LAMP detection targeted the coa gene with specific primers.The detection was evaluated by 9 strains of Staphylocoagulase and 31 negative strains of Staphylocoagulase negative.The specificity of LAMP detection was consilient with the realtime PCR method and GB method.
4. coordination polymers containing two kinds of organic ligands;
in addition, co-expression reduce that amount of high molecular weight forms of the cytokine antagonist polypeptide present in cytokine antagonist polypeptide preparation relative to the amount of high molecular weight forms observed when the cytokine antagonist polypeptide is expressed in the absence of the complexe polypeptide.
The Preparation of MMA-EA-DM copolymerized Latex and Characterization of Copolymer
Also in the cases of bile duct stenosis,carcinoma of bile duct in hepatic portal accounted for 72. 73%,carcinoma of gallbladder accounted for 6. 98%,hepatocellular carcinoma complicated with portal vein tumor embolism accounted for 2. 80% and hepatic portal metastasis of large intestine carcinoma accounted for 2. 10%.
The jejunal region of the small intestine is approximately 6 meters (20 feet) long in an adult, and the removal of a short segment (such as about 15 cm, or 6 inches, which would provide more than enough SIS tissue to create a replacement valve) will not significantly affect the digestive capabilities of the patient.
9 . use according to any one of claims 1 to 8 , characterized in that the medicament is provided in a pharmaceutical form selected from the group consisting of eye drops , ear drops , nasal drops , nasal spray , tablets , preferably soluble tablets , effervescent tablets , gastro-resistant tablets and sublingual tablets , capsules , preferably gastro-resistant capsules , powders , granules , oral liquids , oral drops , ointments , lotions , emulsions , hydrogels , suppositories , pessaries , infusions and injections .
CONCLUSION: Alginate,hydrocolloid and Express putty impressions immersed in 2% glutaraldehyde solution and 1% 84 disinfector separately for 20 minutes does not affect the accuracy, and can be used clinically.
comonomers having epoxide functional groups, such as glycidyl methacrylate and glycidyl acrylate, are also suitable.
The results showed that content of Al2O3 had a great impact on the catalytic property.It was found that 12wt%CuO/CeO2-Al2O370% catalyst exhibited very good catalytic performance for the PROX reaction related to the Al2O3 content.
In order to observe the therapeutic efficacy,all patients were followed up for 5 years after treatment.
In conclusion,castration had no effect on the growth rate of the pigs,but increased the backfat thickness and intramuscular fat significantly.The entire boars had higher skatole and indole levels in the fat and serum,and testosterone level in sera than the castrated pigs.
the result solution was subjected to a hydrophobic chromatography use resource PHE ( 6 mL; Amersham bioscience), to recover a non-adsorption fraction
in that ultrasonic enzymolysis step, the synergistic action of ultrasonic wave and enzyme result in fast breaking of cell membrane in oyster meat, full release of taurine from the cell, shorten taurine extracting period and raised taurine yield.
the invention provides a composite bioceramic material with biological activity.the composite bioceramic material can be used for a tooth root implant body and
study on mung bean beverage by lactic acid fermentation
To investigate effects of short-term endurance and strength-endurance training of aerobic training on systolic time intervals (STI) in male university student this research measured STI in twenty male university students before, after six weeks and after eight weeks training separately
Glycoprotein and DHEA content, GX14>B553>Y251;
it appear between that supinator and the abductor pollicis longus and descended in the posterior compartment of the forearm between the superficial and deep layer of muscles. its terminal branches curved anastomose with the dorsal branch of anterior interosseous artery 2. 5±0.5cm above styloid process of ulna. this anastomosis branch had its high occurrences ( 96.7% ) and 7-12 cutaneous branches arose from posterior interosseous artery to supply blood for the skin of dorsal forearm.
the result showed that its chromosome numb was 2n=18, and that karyogram formula was K=2X=6 m+12 sm. the karyogram was belonged to the type of 2A, and it was asymmetric and relatively primitive
Prevention and treatment of neonatal hyperbilirubinemia
Keywords plant protein;enzymatic degradation production;ultrafiltration;MEF growth;
FIG. 1 shows the protein spectra of bacteriolytic complexes (electrophoresis in polyacrylamide gel) obtained by the known and proposed methods.
the basic immunoglobulin ( Ig ) in vertebrate systems is composed of two identical light ( " L " ) chain polypeptides ( approximately 23 kDa ) , and two identical heavy ( " H " ) chain polypeptides ( approximately 53 to 70 kDa ) .
In order to inquire into the curative effect of promethazine in the treatment of salivation produced by clozapine, 98 male patients who had salivation after singly taking clozapine were selected and treated with promethazine (25-50mg/day
Patient: It's here, Doctor, around the left hip
While suspect deaths in Mexico are being tested for H1N1, is not yet known how many mild cases of virus there may have been in the affected region that have gone untested.
The present invention illustrates the utility of the combination of an elF - NCRE molecule operably linked to a DNA molecule that encodes for a chloroplast transit peptide fused to an EPSP synthase .
The plant of the present invention is a plant exhibiting resistance to at least one disease, the plant comprising an expression cassette including a thionin gene, the expression cassette being capable of expressing the thionin gene.
Cu2+ had no significant effects on the life expectancy at hatching,gross reproductive rate,net reproductive rate,generation time,and intrinsic rate of population increase of M. macrocopa,whereas Cd2+ and Cu2++Cd2+ had significant effects on the life expectancy at hatching,gross reproductive rate,net reproductive rate and generation time,but no significant effects on the intrinsic rate of population increase of M. macrocopa.
The prepared salt is added with pharmaceutically acceptable supplementary material to prepare medicine powder for injection, emulsion for intravenous injection and injection.
Results p53 protein was detected in 54.72% cases of pulmonary adenocarcinoma,ras protein was detected in 66.38% cases.
Relationship of P16 protein expression with hepatitis Cvirusinfection in hepatocellular carcinom a
The present study is of great importance for the safe and rational use of bupropion in clinic,and the development of improved bupropion analogs.
The data was analyzed by descriptive epidemiological method.Results In 401 abortion women,AIDS awareness rate was 52. 37%.1 was positive in HIV test, with the positive rate of 0. 25%.4 were positive in syphilis test,with the positive rate of 1%.4 were hepatitis C antibody positive, with the positive rate of 1%.
Metal ions like Mn2+ can induce producing chitosanase strongly, but Ca2+ inhibite the reactions.
A Cytological Study on Pollen Development of Nuclear Male Sterile Line “Dong A”of Cotton
Objective To evaluate C-arm CT scanning in performing radiofrequency ablation(RFA) for small lung lesions.
ANTALGIC EFFECT OF EPIDURAL SINGLE DOSE OF MORPHINE COMBINED WITH BUPIVACAINE AFTER CESAREAN
Results Compared with the condition before operation,the FPP decreased 3.2±0.4 mmHg,the quantity of blood flow of portal veins from 1104 ml/min dropped to 793 ml/min,and that of splenic veins from 897 ml/min dropped to 355 ml/min.
Using tumor specific promoter to modulate suicide genes resulting in high specific expressio n of genes in tumor cells has became a hot research topic of tumor suicide gene therapy.
Study of Extracts from POLYGALA TENUIFOLIA on Cognitive Improving and Protective Effects of Neurocytes Damaged
study were conducted with 106 rfp express mouse b16f0 melanoma cells, 106 rfp-expressing mouse mmt060562 mammary tumor cells and 106 rfp-expressing dunning ( rat ) prostate canc cells.
Studies on Filtration of Goat IVM Oocytes Vitrification Solution;
Influence on Accompany Symptoms of Dysmenorrheal Patients with Primary Dysmenorrhea by Acupuncturing Sanyinjiao Acupoint
For growth, the calli were transferred to 7 different agar media and from which two suitable media, MB_2 and MB_3, were selected.
include determining whet that patient has taken the medication associated with the medication order based on a comparison of the value represen a characteristic of the physical state of the patient
irrespective of their skin cholesterol level
The Observation of Near and Forward Future of Branchofiberoscope to Cure Bronchial Intimal Tuberculosis
That is, a particular incision 27a and 27b does not increase the stretch in a direction that is parallel to that incision 27.
Effect of sustained high +Gy on otolith organs of guinea pigs
if desire, that so-produced riboflavin glucosides can be easily concentrate to riboflavin monoglucoside, and this can be recovered, for example, by the following procedure
the proces of foreign proteins, presentation of antigenic peptide by MHC class II molecules ( T-cell epitopes), and then stimulation of help T-cells
Objective]To understand the situation of syphilis infection among voluntary blood donor in Jinan and to take measares to block the transmission of syphilis virus via blood
an incision must first be made to expose the surgical site and access the targeted facet joint.
Combination therapy for the treatment of bacterial infections
APPLICATION OF MULTIVARIATE ANALYSIS TO THE PREDICTION OF ANIMAL HETEROSIS
The author studied localization and activities of ATPase, G-6-Pase, 5'-Nucleotidasein lymphocytes of the human neck lymph nodes by using the electron enzyme cytochemicalmethod.
The symptoms were markedly improved in 41 patients with porosis,and no improvement was found in 2 patients(postoperative ischemia reperfusion injury in 1 patient and CSF leakage in 1 patient).
In this paper, a DREB-like gene and two genes involved in lignin biosynthetic pathway were isolated by RACE methods from Broussonetia papyrifera, and their sequence characters, expression patterns and functions were deeply analyzed to understand clearly molecular mechanism of plant response to various abiotic stresses and of lignin biosynthesis
It is difficult to analyze the crude products of methanol-synthesis because the constituents are complex.The method for analyzing the crude products in quality and quantity by advanced gas chromatography technology is studied.
Objective To evaluate the clinical effectiveness and security of autologous platelet-rich gel(APG) in the treatment of diabetic foot and diabetic chronic ulcer.
Investigation of Transfusion in Transfusing Suspension Red Blood Cells after Blood Warming
it is helpful in distinguish adenocarcinoma cells from reactive mesothelial cell by observing microvilli on that surface of the adenocarcinoma cells, nucleus hollow and secreting granule in the cytoplasm, junctional complex, and osmiophilic lamellar bodies and so on, in particular microvilli, for the feature of the adenocarcinoma cells, detectable rate was 92. 7%.
PREPARATION OF Ti6Al4V/BG/HA GRADED COATING BY ELECTROPHORESIS DEPOSITION IN NON-AQUEOUS SOLUTION SYSTEM
The biggest effectiveness is to adjust the hydraulic fracture after goals optimum and decided by skin coefficient, wells position and so on
The truncated 45W-4B with removal of a signal peptide at N terminal and 19 hydrophobic amino acids at C terminal, designed as 45W-4BX, was amplified by PCR according to predictive results
Exploration to Hypoglycemic Mechanism of Extracts from Sweet Potato Stem and Leaf;
Also provided are methods of modulating a humoral and/or T cell mediated immune response to the antigen, methods of delivery of a cytotoxic agent to dendritic cells thereof involved in diseased states, methods of modulating the uptake and/or clearance of cells with a disrupted cell membrane, cells infected with a pathogen, dying cells or dead cells, or a portion thereof, and methods of modulating antigen recognition, processing and/or presentation, as well as immune responses to material derived from cells with a disrupted cell membrane, cells infected with a pathogen, dying cells or dead cells, or a portion thereof.
optimizing a treatment plan to reduce the total number of imaging centers includes determining whether alternative treatment plans exist that use fewer imaging centers, but still achieve acceptable treatment results.
1 patient need operation to recover.
Determination and Correlation of Liquid - Liquid Equilibrium Data for Quaternary System of Toluene - n - Heptane - Sulfolane and Tetraethylene Glycol
Fluorescence characteristics in parathyroid glands by 5-aminolevulinic acid in secondary hyperparathyroidism rats
The effects of solvent polarity and protonic solvent on the fluorescent properties of hydroxyethyl cellulose(HEC)/Eu(Ⅲ), methyl cellulose(MC)/Eu(Ⅲ) and carboxymethyl cellulose(CMC)/Eu(Ⅲ) complexes were investigated by fluorescent spectroscopy to reveal
Health Education Need of Hemodialysis Patients
Application of double surface compound patch for incisional hernia repair of abdominal wall
Satisfactory rate of 3months to 3. 5years follow-up reached 96%.
Efficacy of homemade Luhuangsan for herpes zoster treatment
Objective To evaluate the clinical effect of minimally invasive treatment for thoracolumbar vertebra burst fracture by 3D-View internal fixation with pedicle screw-rod system through multifidus muscle gap approach.
Results The longest tumor diameter was divided into 6 grades according to its length: grade Ⅰ, <2 cm;
short QT syndrome: clinical finding and diagnostic-therapeutic implications
Advances on peripheral nerve block
With the patients’ increasing demand for aesthetics and biocompatibility of prosthesis and with the devel opment of high strength machinable materials,CAD/CAM sys tems have been widely used for its high efficiency and accura cy.
The Clinical Characters of Hypertension in the Elderly and the Measures of Prevention & Treatment(Analysis of 420 Cases Attached)
in that invention, a p52 gene is clone into a shuttle vector pShuttle-CMV and is linearized, is electro transform into BJ5183 fungus to carry out homologous recombination with a skeleton vector pAdEasy-1 contained therein, is mixed with liposome to transfect AD-293 cells to be package into complete adenoviruses.
Funicle ( funiculus) The stalk attaching the ovule (later the seed) to the placenta in angiosperm ovaries
it is to be understod , that the immunized mammal or mouse is capable of producing human antibodies .
Alanine aminotransferase( ALT),aspartate aminotransferase( AST),gamma glutamyl transpeptidase( GGT),triglycerides( TG),total cholesterol( TC),white globulin ratio( A / G) before and after treatment,the occurrence of adverse drug reactions during the treatment were observed.
A comparison of therapeutic efficacy between interventional treatment and anticoagulant treatment for acute lower extremity deep venous thrombosis
The total score of traditional medicine symptom descended after treatment based on symdrome differentiation in group A, especially in Blood stasis syndrome and phlegm syndrom at 30 days
histopathologic change are limited largely to that epithelium and vasculature
sterically hinder phosphoramidates
Inhibition of the pathway was reversed by enforced alkalinization or overexpression of NHE-1,leading to a restoration of apoptosis.
Human CRYBB1 (Crystallin Beta B1) gene mutation and application thereof
For the purpose of the present invention, the term "nucleic material" includes a nucleic acid sequence such as a deoxyribonucleic acid (DNA) or ribonucleic acid (RNA) sequence.
Effects of HIU Therapy on Splenic Lymphocyte Proliferation and Its Lymphocyte Cytotoxicity in BALB/c Mice Bearing U14 Cervical Cancer
Study on the Coprecipitation Synthesis of ElectronCeramic Material Barium Titanate
The Alteration of Expression of the mRNAs of Specific Insulin Signaling Molecules in Peripheral Leukocytes from Insulin-Resistant Rats and the Protecting Role of Aminoguanidine
Antiviral effect of Guanhuang Ganmao Granule on influenza virus A
OBJECTIVE To select a high vancomycin producing mutant and increase the productivity of vancomycin fermentation
ConclusionBuguzhi decoction has protective effect on neurons of vascular dementia model rats by increasing the expression of GAP-43 gene.
The copper sulfate monohydrate form comprises 54 weight percent sulfate, while copper sulfate pentahydrate comprises 38 weight percent sulfate.
To discover quantitative trait loci related to important agronomic traits via association analysis, population structure and linkage disequilibrium(LD) of 140 rice germplasm resources from northeast provinces were analyzed with 60 SSR markers located on chromosomes in this study.
The Study of Intestinal Flora in Patients with Cirrhosis
Study on Population-Based Dynamic Surveillance of Essential Hypertension in a District of Shanghai
the present invention is the process of electric oxidation, alkylation and sulfonation to prepare lignin surfactant.
"Feiyanning Decoction" and Its Dismantled Prescription on Telomerase Activity in Mice with Lewis Lung Cancer
Synthesis of butyl salicylate from 2-hydroxybenzoic acid and n-butanol catalyzed by p-aminobenzene sulfonic acid was studied.
Doctors later found that Duerson had a condition in common with more than 20 other dead football players in the U. S
?estimate the effectiveness of the investigational drug for patients with chronic cerebral ischemia (dyscirculatory encephalopathy) liquor and venous impairments;
There was no significant difference among gastric cancer,colonic carcinoma and lung cancer (P>0.05).
Ultrastructure changes of kidney autolysis at different time points in mice
Believe that the above study, those who creat artistic images for singers with the mood of the art depicts the practice has a certain significance
spinal cord compression and spinal canal stenosis due to ligamentum flavum thicken: MRI findings in 84 case
penicillin Pasteurella inhibitory effect on the best of penicillin Staphylococcus aureus Inhibitory effect best
Objective To investigate different type of pregnant hepatopathy on perinatal fetuses.
Objective By combined detection of serum cystatin C(Cys C) and urinary immunoglobulin and transferring to investigate its clinical value in the diagnosis of early renal damage in children with Henoch-Schonlein purpura(HSP).
Test of Brainstem Auditory Evoked Potentials with 24 Cases of Pontine Hemorrhage
While the alkyl portion of the ester can be any alkyl group having from 1 to 22 carbon atoms, the preferred alkyl groups are those having from 1 to 4 carbon atoms.
The group interpersonal psychotherapy of adolescent depression patients is a psychotherapy method that has a theoretical basis for evidence-based medicine psychological treatment,and it is based on the interpersonal psychological theory.
Cholestyramine treated group 1:methimazole, cholestyramine and propranolol for 4 weeks
such polypeptide include, e. g., polyclonal and monoclonal antibodies that specifically bind Flt4; fragment of such antibodies; chimaeric and humanized antibodies; bispecific antibody that specifically bind to Flt4 and also specifically bind to another antigen, and that like
For the method, this means that a flow of the reaction medium 6 that is stress-free for the microorganisms is produced.
Gene Polymorphism of Metabolic Enzymes for Benzidine and Biomarker of Bladder Cancer
The expression and significance of Heat Shock Protein 70 in human hepatocellular carcinoma and the effects of gene transfection on the HepG2 hepatocarcinoma cell
As the heating traditional Chinese medicine pads are arranged on movable platform plate, the cervical vertebrae and the lumbar vertebra of a patient can be fumigated by the heating traditional Chinese medicine on the movable platform plate,
Fos LI, NADPH d positive and Fos/NADPH d double labeled neurons were increased significantly in number in morphine withdrawal rats and they were observed in all the laminae of the spinal cord
FIG. 6 shows the X-Ray Diffraction (XRD) pattern of the final powder using a Rigaku Miniflex Diffractometer with a Cr source, along with XRD matching against an iron composition of Li9Fe3(P2O7) 3(PO4)2.
Honey dressing for exchanging medicament of infective wound
combined local application of collagen and isosorbide mononitrate only requires small doses and almost has no side effects of oral drugs;
Objective To observe the rules of Triclosan release from bone cements at different time points and its clinical efficacy against bacteria
Methods Tackking operation and upper lid blepharoplasty were performed on 50 eyes in 32 cases with aponeurotic ptosis, and after surgical followed up for 1-5year, average on three years
4 . a treatment for depression or a related central nervous system disorder with gepirone administered in a once-a-day oral formulation for extended release of gepirone , characterised in that the formulation is according to claim 1
Diagnosis of the Missense Mutation of SRY Gene in a Patient with 46XY Female Sex Reverse
FUNCTIONAL PEPTIDE DENDRIMERS AS MAGNETIC RESONANCE IMAGING PROBES
The seven transmembrane regions and extracellular and cytoplasmic loops can be identified using standard methods, as described in Kyte & Doolittle, J. Mol. Biol., 157:105-32 (1982)), or in Stryer, supra.
THE STUDY OF THE SYNTHESIS OF 2(3)-THIOACETYL-4-OXO-PENTYL-ALDEHYDE
Results: Level of IDO mRNA in RCC samples was significantly higher than that in tumor-free samples with P<0.
Cell strain for measuring bioactivity of GLP-1 and functional analogue thereof and application of cell strain
Objective To compare the clinical effects between dynamic acupuncture and conventional acupuncture in treating periarthritis of shoulder in acute stage.
Diagnosis and treatment of ventricular tachycardia in Children
Established pregnancies are not harmed
Objective To study the clinical manifestations and imaging features of toxic encephalopathy induced by organic solvents.
Method: The third generation human mesenchymal stem cells were irradiated by different frequency PEMF of 5,25,50,75,100,150Hz, 1.1mT, 30min/d, continue 21 days. The control group cultured with same environment but without PEMFs
Reproductive Techniques
Resection and microsurgical repair of giant cell tumor of bone in the knee region: analysis of 46 cases
a Chinese herbal preparation for treating ascitic-type liver cancer.
Interventional therapy of postburn oesophageal cicatricial stricture in childhood
Fetal Membrane Derived Adherent Cells: a Novel Source for Mesenchymal Stem Cells
Results The prevention group 72 h bilirubin values(137. 5±6.98)μmol/L.Significantly lower than the control group(170. 23± 86)μmol/L,the two groups was significant difference(P<0.
Objective To investigate the relationship between high risk behaviors among ethnic intravenous drug users(IDUs) and HIV infection to provide a scientific basis for interventions among them.
Determination of procalcitonin and C-reactive protein in neonatal sepsis and its clinical significance
Abnormal expression of age-related cataract genes
Karyotype Analysis of Hippeastrum reticulatum var.striatifolium
Methods: 108 undergraduate nursing students were randomly divided into experimental group and control group,54 subjects each.The research-oriented teaching method and the traditional teaching method were applied to the two groups,respectively.
So far, it is known that polymer concentration, curing intensity and photoinitiator concentration, ......, etc determine the structure of polymer network.
As demonstrated in this invention , these FVIII derivatives exhibit typical thrombin activation that correlates with cleavage after Arg - 372 , Arg - 740 , and Arg - 1689 , generating an activated FVIII heterotrimer that is indistinguishable from wild - type FVIII and also is subject to rapid inactivation through dissociation of the A2 domain subunit ( See Figure 7 ) .
Methods From July 2010 to September 2011,6 patients in children with choledochal cyst who had undergone laparoscopic total cyst excision with Roux-en-Y hepatoenterostomy were analyzed retrospectively;The diagnosis was made based on the color doppler and MRCP.The patients were not operated until temperature and leukocyte of blood were normal.
The GAP3 gene promoter is the promoter for an enzyme involved in the glycolytic pathway and, from the viewpoint that very strong expression can be expected even when glucose is used as the carbon source, it has a property that any known promoter cannot have.
EXPERIMENTAL STUDY OF ANTISHOCK EFFECT OF ANISODAMINE WITH LIGUSTRAZINE ON HEMORRHAGIC SHOCK IN RABBITS
Expression of α_2-adrenoreceptor mRNA in T lymphocytes of rats
The hydrophobic-modified polyethyleneimine can be compounded with protein to form stable nanoparticles, and thus, can be used as a protein carrier.
The Study of Therapitics and Mechanisms of the Shuanghuang Injection Against Viral Myocarditis
20 . the use according to claim 19 wherein the bacterial infection is an infection selected from community-acquired pneumoniae , hospital-acquired pneumoniae , skin & skin structure infections , acute exacerbation of chronic bronchitis , acute sinusitis , acute otitis media , catheter-related sepsis , febrile neutropenia , osteomyelitis , endocarditis , urinary tract infections and infections caused by drug resistant bacteria .
Methods The sample included 40 patients between the ages of 60~75 who presented for laproscope surgery of rectal cancer.
of tannase, as that term is used in this application, is defined as the amount of enzyme that will cause one absorbance unit at 310 micrometers per minute at 30 degrees centigrade in a 1 cm cell using a 0.004% tannic acid solution in 0.02M acetate buffer at pH 4.7
Determination of Vecuronium Concentration in Human Plasma by RP-HPLC with Fluorescence Detection
an oxidant, if used, may be added before or after the enzymes.
Conclusion:The experimental results showed that polyamidoamine dendrimers induce remineralization of dentin obviously with the time.Consequently,this strategy is valuable for developing a new method to treat dentin hype-rsensitivity.
in addition, when hybridization of a nucleic acid probe and a DNA strand amplify beforehand is performed in that conventional method, background may become high in connection with the phenomenon in which DNA strand physically extended on the carrier surface of a microarray may cause adsorption.
Sleep quality in patients with irritable bowel syndrome
Effect of hirudin intervention on expression of aquaporin-4 after intracerebral hemorrhage
Clinical observation of 50 cases of subconjunctival hemorrhage treated with Hexuemingmu tablets
More preferably this dosage is less than 3/4, even more preferably less than 1/2, and highly preferably, less than 1/4 of the maximum dose, while most preferably the dose is less than 10% of the maximum dose advised by the manufacturer for administration of the anti-inflammatory agent(s) when administered without combination administration of a VR1 antagonist.
Conclusion The high incidence of WBC decrease was found(5. 7%) in anti-TB treatment.Out-patient treatment risks the side effects of anti-tuberculosis drugs,but,if diagnosed and treated properly,the standard anti-TB program is still a safe and effective therapy.
After incorporating o-tolidine(OTOL) into 3, 3′, 4, 4′-biphenyltetracarboxylic dianhydride(BPDA) and p-phenylenediamine(PPD) backbone, the mechanical properties of fibers were dramatically improved
The angiogenesis promoting effect of erythropoietin and endometriosis
Reverse Flow Injection Chemiluminescenct Analysis for the Determination of Copper (Ⅱ) with Luminol-Hydrogen Peroxide-Copper (Ⅱ)-Coomassie Brilliant Blue G250 System
The detection of promoter regions abnormal methylation of lung cancer-related genes had a certain application value in the early diagnosis of lung cancer.
their use in the manufacturing of medicaments which prevent and/or treat infection diseases in mammals including human.
is mainly use to treat diarrhea, acute diarrhea, watery stool, bloody purulent stool and so on, caused by disease such as dyspepsia, gastroenteritis, colonitis, dysentery and so on, can also be used for patients with similar symptoms, has that effective rate of 100 percent
RBC membrane protein constituent
Effects of Different Extraction Methods on Chemical Composition and Pharmacological Activities of Shuxiong Prescription
Practical using in clinic for many yeas, it has been proved to be one of the most common medicines for the alimentary diseases, such as chronic gastritis and stomach-ache with identified effects.
The serum creatinine in the control group was unaltered during the experiment.
The peptide of the invention can obviously inhibit the telomerase activity of a tumor cell.
Studies on Nitroxides (Ⅺ)--One-Electron Transfer Reaction of Piperidine Nitroxides with Hydroxylamine
Interstitial Collagenase Gene Expression in the Processes of Experimental Liver Fibrosis
Objective:To evaluate the clinical efficacy and safety of the intracavitary therapy of traumatic posterior urethral atresia by transrectal ultrasound-guided.
Trial on the Long-term Stability of Bovine Pericardium after Chemical Modified Effects and Evaluation on the Clinical Hemodynamics of Perfeot Bovine Valve and Its Long-term Follow-up Results
such label may be added to that nucleic acid or oligonucleotides of the invention and may be detected using known technique per se
the shRNA sequence and that expression carry thereof provided by the invention are testify to be able to inhibit internal HBV transcription and copy effectively and have no obvious side effects, and provide a novel effective choice for HBV resistance, and have favorable application prospects in preparing HBV-resistant medicament
Partial protection induced by phage library-selected peptides mimicking epitopes of Toxoplasma gondii
Fertilized eggs were seen to be actively dividing and reached the 8-cell stage between 2-3 hours following fertilization.
Effect of protein kinase C on human melanoma A375-S2 cell death induced by evodiamine
study of Nuzhen Yunyu decoction on Histomorphological endometrium and expression of estrogen receptor and factor of that formation of capillary
There has been an increasing number of studies on the relation of surrogate tissue telomere length with risk of digestive system cancer in recent years,however,the results were in discrepancy.
establish stem cell series of epidermis on grown milch goat produce in that central Shanxi plain
The Localization of Epileptogenic Focus in Partial Epilepsy: The Role and the Clinical Significance of Video/EEG, SPECT and MRI
the starch will eventually be convert into dextrins and fermentable sugar
Application of clinical path in functional rehabilitation exercises for patients accepted total knee joint replacement
Methods Phenotypic confirmatory test was used to detect ESBLs in 426 strains of Klebsiella pneumoniae and Escherichia coli ; Kirby Bauer agar diffusion method was used to judge drug sensitivity.
Objective The aim of this prospective,randomized,double-blind controlled clinical trial was to evaluate the effects of pretreatment with dezocine on the incidence and severity of etomidate-induced myoclonus.
Studies on the HPLC Method for Determination of Indandiones Rodenticides
When patients stayed in the hospital ten or fifteen days, most of them were still conalescing and a nurse could focus on her three or four acute-care patients.
Mutation characteristics of DNA polymerase β gene in human esophageal cancer
The recovered cells were dispersed in water again so that the concentration became 12%, to thereby obtain a suspension of the cells.
The Changes in Zinc and Copper in Damaged Liver Tissue of Experimental Rats
Molecular mechanism of carbapenem resistance in Acinetobacter junii
Conclusion Rectal functional training can promote the defecation function of rectum and lower the incidence of constipation.
An experimental study of effect of bFGF on neurons after tractive spinal cord in jury in rats
Conclusion:There was a significant difference in expression of FN and β1 integrin between the endometrial adenocarcinoma and the normal endometrium tissue
Their effects on sleep disorder were assessed according to the Pittsburgh sleep quality index(PSQI) before and after treatment.
A process for producing a nonpolymeric catechin containing tea extract, comprising immersing nonfermented tea leaves in ethanol or an aqueous ethanol solution of 85 to 99.5 vol.% ethanol concentration to thereby obtain nonfermented tea leaves wherein the residual ratio of catechin is = 80 wt.% based on the content before the immersion in the ethanol or aqueous ethanol solution, and extracting the nonfermented tea leaves with warm water or hot water.
Methods Recombinant human ANGPTL-1 was transfected into skin fibroblasts with the karyocyte expressive vector.The expression of ANGPTL-1 and collagen I,Ⅲ mRNA were quantified by RT-PCR.Results Transfected human skin fibroblasts showed green fluorescence positive nearly in 63±7.
Methods A total of 3 085 college students were recruited from two universities.Depressive symptoms were assessed by Self-rating Depression Scale.
such composition can further comprise antigen and provide antigen-specific tolerogenic immune responses.
Laparoscopic treatment of gallstones 68 cases of biliary microscopy
AIM To investigate the apoptosis induced by diacetyldianhydrogalactitol (DADAG) and its mechanism in human HL 60 leukemia cells
Research Advances of HSP27′s Role in Cardiovascular Diseases
Methods Clinical character, image characteristics and risk factors of 56 patients with SCI were analyzed.
The most abundant neuropeptide, crustacean hyperglycemic hormone(CHH) has been first extracted from sinus glands of Eriocheir sinensis, and purified to homogeneity by reverse-phase high performance liquid chromatogram(RP-HPLC). The sinus glands of Eriocheir sinensis are the organs to store neuropeptides, which are quite perfect to do research for the neurosecretory system of Eriocheir sinensis
The invention summarizes a whole set of technological measurements for treating human contact dermatitis and preferably selects a externally washing Chinese medicament treating contact dermatitis,
Objective To analyze the results of diagnosis and treatment for intraductal papilloma of breast
Why can angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors reduce mortality in hypertension?
such a drug could also slow progression of these disease as well
THE CLINICAL OBSERVATION ON TREATMENT OF ESOPHAGEAL VARICOSIS RUPTURE HEMMORHAGE WITH SNDOSTATIN
Coronary artery calcificationcomputerized tomography(CT)diagnosis and analysis of 63 cases
Methods March 2009~April 2010 admitted to the respiratory acute attack of bronchial asthma in 33 patients for the study,use of glucocorticoid treatment,using enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay(ELISA) of treatment were The serum SCF level and 25 normal controls measured levels of serum SCF.
Bone formation of alveolar augmentation with hydroxylapatite, bone morphogenetic protein and fibrin sealant composite
Construction of the Plant Expression Vector with HepatitisA Capsid Protein Fusion Gene and Genetic Transformation of Citrus.Sinensis Osbeck
Conclusion: The in vitro release of carbamide from compound bletilla striata creams is rapid,suggesting the quick absorption through skin.The creams can be used once every 2-3 h.
In the western world, cardiovascular diseases are the leading cause of death among both sexes, and coronary heart disease, especially coronary artery disease is the major cause of cardiovascular diseases.
Wnt/β-catenin signaling pathway is one of the classical Wnt signaling pathways involved in a variety of biological processes,such as cell proliferation,apoptosis and differentiation.
Methods DPOAE and ABR were recorded in 388(776ears) high risk infants, then the results were compared
The result showed that the yield of skin gelatine was 19.2±1.07% with a gel strength of 267±3.05g. Gelling and melting points were 19.9°C and 26.8°C respectively.
The treatment group was superior to the control group in clearing Hp(P<0.05).
Diagnosis of primary hepatic lymphoma:a report of 7 cases
Immunogenetic features in children with narcolepsy
Keywords Chloronitrobenzene;Chloroaniline;Coupling process with ZVI and SBR;Molecular ecology;Microbial community structure;Denaturing gradient gel electrophoresis（DGGE）;
There was no significant different among the different position nurses( P > 0.05
Clinical Study on Jinshuangqi combined with racecadotril on children with diarrhea in autumn
Study on the Preparing Procedure of Shunao Capsules
Another approach by several large pharmaceutical companies, tries to block the body's production of amyloid proteins
Prevention and treatment for severe complication of acute necrotic pancreatitis
Immunization may, for example, enable a continuing high level of antibody and/or cellular response in which T-lymphocytes can kill or suppress the pathogen in the immunized animal, which is directed against a pathogen or antigen to which the animal has been previously exposed.
Methods Patients with lesion in orbitofrontal, patients with lesion in dorsolateral prefrontal and healthy controls were administered with a neuropsychological battery for social cognition, including basic emotion recognition from eye area and risk-taking task.
In Vitro Studies about the Effects of Implant Materials on Calmodulin,Introcellular Calcium of Rat Osteoblasts
method for immediate determination of trace cadmium in zinc-manganese electrolyte solution with high sensitivity system of Cd(II)-potassium iodide-rhodamine has been introduced
Methods Select 65 cases with chronic heart failure,divided them intoⅡ-Ⅳclass by NYHA class,21 cases without heart failure were included as the control group.
The overall complication rate was 22.6% (7/31), including acute bleeding 2 cases, trasurethral resection syndrome ( TORS) 1 case, prostate synechial formation reguiring revision 1 case, residual prostatic tissue 1 case, urgent incontinence 2 case
the present disclosure relate to a combination of biological markers for identification of prognosi of cancer
Results:The family history of hypertension and the course of disease had no correlation to HOMA-IR(P>0.05),but the age of patients had negatively correlation to HOMA-IR(P<0.01).Among the metabolism factors,obesity,high TG and glucose have positive correlation to HOMA-IR(P<0.
The concentration of maleic dialdehyde(MDA) and the activity of superoxide didmutase(SOD) and myeloperoxidase(MPO) in gut were determined.
Reversal Effect of Tetrandrine in Combination with Droloxifene on Cell Line K562/A02 and Its Correlation with Inducted Apoptosis
even more preferred catalysts are dibutyltin dilaurate , dimethyltin dilaurate , dibutyltin maleate , dibutyltin diacetate , tin octylate , tin naphthenate , reaction products of dibutyltin oxide and phthalic acid esters or pentanedione , dibutyl tin diacetylacetonate , dibutyltinoxide , dimethyl tin chloride and the like .
Conclusion MRP4-1393 T > C mutants play an important role in higher incidence of adverse reactions,and genotyping of MRP4 T-1393C will be useful in individualized dosing regimen of thiopurine analogues.
The present invention relate to a method of detecting a genetic recombinant by using the PCR method.
Conclusion:The DACA aneurysm is a good indication for neuronavigation,which could lessen the surgical trauma,improve the successful rate of operation and reduce the surgical complication rate.
silica gel, which has proven particularly useful in that odour control system herein is the narrow silica gel with a ph of less than 7.
Clinical Analysis on 584 Compensation Neu rosis Patients Treated by Acupuncture
The only group with significant symptomatic improvement in pain received proparacaine hydrochloride 0.5%-and only 55% had decreased pain with treatment
Investigations of ARB's effects on atrial electrical remodeling of hypertension patients:Analysis of 64 cases
Solid-to-liquid ratio,followed by ultrasonic power,extraction temperature and ethanol concentration,had the most important effect on the extraction of total flavnoids from Verbena officinalis L. The flavonoids extraction from Verbena officinalis L. had marked scavenging effects on both hydroxyl and superoxide anion free radicals in a concentration-dependent fashion.
An anti-cancer composition comprises anti-cancer effective ingredient selected from tyrosine kinase inhibitor and/or spiromustine and sustained release adjuvant, and can be made into sustained release injection and sustained release implant agent.
Results: The common reason of nosebleed was hypertention,accont for 55.6%.
Aim:To investigate telomerase activity and expression of telomerase RNA in human tumors of neuroepithelial tissue, to supply new strategy for clinic diagnosis and treatment.
slim composition based on Ginkgo biloba as an ALPHA-2-blocker/An anti-cellulitis composition comprise caffeine, Ginkgo biloba extract, Escine acid and ivy extract
Synthesis,Crystal Structure,and Fluorescent Property of a Cd(Ⅱ) Coordination Polymer Based on 2-Propyl-imidazole-4,5-dicarboxylate and 4,4-Bipyridine
Chronic inflammatory demyelinating polyneuropathy in childhood: Outcomes after methylprednisolone pulse therapy (Fren)
The Effect of Papaverine Hydrochloride Lecithin Micro Emulsion on Survival of Dorsal Random Skin Flap in Rats
With different yeast and fermentation of blueberry as raw material, kinds of blueberry brandy aroma components were analyzed. 116 kinds of aroma components were identified in blueberry brandy, including 26 kinds of alcohols, 27 kinds of esters, 14 kinds of acids, 27 kinds of carbonyl compounds, 2 kinds of alkanes, 6 kinds of nitrogen-containing compounds, 3 kinds of sulfur co-mpounds, 8 kinds of phenols, other classes 2 kind
On average, ( 0.7 - 3.1) ×108 cells could be isolated from per adrenal gland with 99 % viability
EXPERIMENTAL STUDY ON THE LOW CYCLE FATIGUE PROPERTIES OF 40Cr STEEL
These molecules were easily separated from HA and any formed T-HA molecules through dialysis due to the relatively small size of tyramine, EDC and EDU compared to macromolecular HA.
PCR Monitoring of H-2 gene in Inbred Strains of Mice
przybylowicz, e. p. et. al. ( us patent no. 3,992, 158 ( 1976 ) ) described a thin film format methodology to measure analyte concentrations in the blood / serum via an enzymatic colorimetric assay.
The differences had no statistical significance both in the detection rates and the over- limit rates between nonlocal vegetables and local vegetables
Analysis of Physiological Concentrations of DHEA in Human Hair
thereafter, resin and liquid phase are separated by filtration and the peptide product is collected by precipitation with dieethylether.
Two positive samples were found during Beijing 2008 Olympic Games, and the ratio was 0.2%.
Research advances in toughening of unsaturated polyester resin were reviewed and some toughening methods, such as blending with liquid rubber and/or elastomers, adding rigid particles, forming interpenetrating network and changing monomer component, and corresponding toughing mechanisms were described in details in this paper
The Application of FGFR2 Gene Knock-out Mouse Model
A new UV-spectrophotometry method for the determination of sodium dodecylbenzene sulfonate(SDBS) were studied,based on the reaction of SDBS with Thionin.
Methods Inhalant and food allergen-specific serum IgE antibodies were determined in 324 asthma children and 60 non-atopic control children by fluoroenzyme-immunometric assay,UniCAP100,applying the Phadiatop and fx5E testing. We compared the positive ratio of Phadiatop and fx5E between the two groups and computed the positive ratio of Phadiatop among different age groups of asthma children.
suitable bioreactor according to that present invention are batch bioreactor as e. g. airlift bioreactors or stirred bioreactors as routinely employe for high-density animal cell culture.
Th_1/Th_2 type cytokine gene expression in the peripheral blood of patients with Parkinson disease
A TIA occurred in one case and cranial nerve injuries in 2 cases perioperatively.
EXAMPLE 5 - Synthesis of another of the cholesterol absorption inhibitors described herein : Disodium Ascorbyl Phosphate Ester of Androst - 5 - ene - 1 7p - ol To a solution of pyridine ( 0.41 ml ) and 1 , 2 - phenylenephosphorochloridite ( 0.6 ml , 5 mmol ) in anhydrous THF ( 10 ml ) at 0 C was added dropwise dehydroiso - androsterone ( 1.44 g , 5 mmol ) in anhydrous THF ( 10 ml ) over a period of 10 minutes .
study on that optimum technology of ultrasound radiation synthesis of Poly ( L-lactide
There only has two bases different between S5 allelic genes of nonglutinous rice and japonica rice which will make the two amino acids of corresponding proteins to switch so as to cause the sterility of their hybrids.
the nutritious hazelnut kernel syrup as one instant beverage with rich nutrient is prepared with that material include hazelnut kernel, ginseng, seasonings and stabilizer
Objective To explore the effective nursing methods of Stevens-Johnson syndrome.
Expression of major histocompatibility complex-Ⅱ on mouse cryptosporidiosis
content ofalphacellulose
Establishment of consensus sequence of PreS/S of hepatitis B virus with genotype B/serotype adw2 or genotype C/serotype adrq+ prevailing in Chongqing of China
One hole minilaparoscope operation to treat the incarcerated indirect inguinal hernia in children
such redox enzyme can be, for example, methoxatin-based or nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide based
Conclusion:The social support and quality of life of tuberculous meningitis patients were in the low level and closely related,nursing staff should improve their quality of life from helping the patients to expend and optimize their social support system.
At the 2-week and 4-week examination, subjects assigned to the Zinc Toothpaste Group exhibited significant reductions of 8.5% and 8.0%, respectively, in gingival index scores as compared to subjects assigned to the Control Toothpaste Group.
But there was no relationship between the lesion types and the degree of the leukocyte activated in the ICS, or the CD11b level.
Clinical Analysis of 8 Cases of Neonatal Congenital Skin Defect Treated with MEBO
By reaction of methyl acrylate with excess ethylenediamine,a compound was synthesized,which has longer molecular structure than ethylenediamine,and the related G1-G4 PAMAM dendrimers were prepared using the compound,through iterative Michael addition and amidation reaction.
In one embodiment, a multiple antigen test uses all of the antigens together to provide a single easy to read answer (i.e., a single band on a strip assay).
indeed, that mechanism could be arrange so as to dispense a predetermined number of dose from one disc before administering a dose from the other disc.
THE STUDY ON HBV DNA IN SERUM AND PBMC IN PATIENTS WITH CHRONIC HBV INFECTION
SNPs showing a significant association with disease(P>1x10(-8)) were genotyped in an independent set of case subjects with anti-CCP-positive rheumatoid arthritis(485 from NARAC and 512 from EIRA) and in control subjects(1282 from NARAC and 495 from EIRA
Nuts were beige, endothelial easy to peel, fine quality, soft waxy sticky, sweet aroma and rich nutrition.
subject 4 was in his eighty and was suffering from cataract and Salzmann's nodules, and reported extreme photophobia and problems with glare
Objective: To assess the imaging diagnostic value of focal nodular hyperplasia of the liver
Results Among 131 strains of pseudomonas genus,pseudomonas aerugries and pseudomonas putida were 72 and 36,respectively.
Methods: T3Ab andT4Ab were measured in 120 patients with hypothyroidism by radioimmunoassay.
Objective To explore the effects of color Doppler ultrasonography in microsurgeries for deep supratentorial glioma.
[Objective] To study the histogenesis of embryonic stomach myenteric plexus on sheep.
modifications that are typically tolerated are those that are not in the peptide binding domains.
MethodsA total of 72 adult healthy male Spragne-Dawley(SD) rats were equally divided into sham operation group(group A),cerebral ischemia-reperfusion group(group B),Fasudil treatment group(group C).
the OR for lung cancer by oil smoke was 3.27(95%CI 1. 37 ~7. 81).
It is another advantage of the present invention to provide an article of manufacture to treat the surface of skin, which is capable of selectively modifying the skin surface and capable of discriminately removing differential amounts of the body's outer skin layer (the stratum corneum).
" exertion or emotional stress can Bring on angina, obliging the victim to rest until the pain subsides. If rest does not help, drugs can dilate the Blood vessels. As heart disease worsens, angina recurs with less exertion. "
The Applications of Immune Algorithm and Kernel Clustering Artificial Immune Network;
Study on the Separation, Insecticidal Activity and Mechanism of Periplocoside NW;
fusing myeloma Karpas707H and peripheral blood B cell to generate hybridoma.
in one embodiment, that beverage product include added wat, fruit juice, ascorbic acid, ethylene tetra-acetic acid ( EDTA ), sodium hexametaphosphate, and potassium sorbate.
Cyclic AMP-Dependent Protein Kinase RIIbeta Subunit \ A type II cAMP-dependent protein kinase regulatory subunit that plays a role in confering CYCLIC-AMP activation of protein kinase activity.
the Medicago sativa extract comprise hederagenin-3-O-[alpha-L-arabinopyranosyl- ( 1-2 ) -beta-D-glucopyranosyl- ( 1-2 ) -alpha-L-arabinopyranosyl]-28-O-beta-D-glucopyranoside, and saponins I, II and III.
SALIANOIC-ACID B INHIBITS ERK AND P38MAPK SIGNALING INDUCED BY TRANSFORMING GROWTH FACTOR-¦Â1 IN ACTIVATED RAT HEPATIC STELLATE CELLS
Hybrid External Fixation for Tibial Plateau Fractures: A Biomechanics Study
Acquisition and identification of candidate antigen genes of Schistosoma japonicum
new reagent TADBA, has been synthesized and the optimum condition for spectrophotometric determination of Pd(Ⅱ) with the reagent has been described. In 1.2mol/dm~3 perchloric acid medium Pd(Ⅱ) and TADAB form a 1:1 stable purple complex
First-aid cardiac pacemaker implantation apparatus
in certain embodiment, that vitamin D compounds can be administer by any route known to one of skill in the art that can achieve rapid onset of peak plasma concentrations of the vitamin D compounds.
Conclusion IgG2 was major subclass of specific anti-filarial antibodies in sera from chronic filariasis cases.
From a plant that exhibited kanamycin resistance, genomic DNA was prepared by the CTAB method.
thermoplastic elastomer, which comprises a fumed, hydrophilic or hydrophobic silica, which has been structurally modified and also a process for the improvement of the mechanical properties of thermoplastic elastomers.
The mean survival time of all the patients was 9 months,and the longest was 20 months.
such as through transdermal administration, peroral administration, administration by inhalation, administration by cream, salves and vagitories, and/or administration by injection
As shown in FIG. 16, the feature quantity extraction formula list creation unit 132 first weights selection probability for each feature quantity extraction formula such that the higher the contribution rate of a feature quantity extraction formula, the higher the probability of the feature quantity extraction formula being selected, and then randomly selects one feature quantity extraction formula from the g-th generation feature quantity extraction formulae (S3072).
The average counts of WBC before infusion is (3.06±0.29)×109/L, after infusion: (4.95±0.63)×109/L, paired samples T test t value: 17.443, double tail P < 0.001. Compared with the control group, the scope of WBC rising less.
Valenciennes(1840) described a new sea-catfish A. sinensis. On the basis of the original description, this species lacks the spine of dorsal fin and its anal fin ray is 13, which suggests that it should be different from the species called A
The best dose of antenatal administered phenobarbital is 500mg
Effects of different IL-15 gene transfections into NCI-H446 on the expressions of HLA-Ⅰ and HLA-Ⅱ and the sensitivity to NK cytotoxicity
Objective To study the significance of antibody screening cell antigen range in the electronic matching technology security application.
Objective:To investigate the iliac femoral artery morphological approach characteristics of arteriosclerosis obliterans blood stasis syndrome and damp-heat pouring down syndrome,and the difference between two syndrome.
it is a generic system which has been demonstrate successfully for dna extraction,
infrared scan for human-body vein
Conclusion The results suggest that cytokines possess hormonal actions on cAMP secretion by thyroid cells, and they may be related to autoimmune thyroid diseases.
Protein Adsorption Evaluated by Enzyme-Linked Immunosorbent Assay (ELISA
Here we report on work dealing with the role played by recA, recB, recC, lexA alleles in chromosome replication. Our results show that the recA gene takes part in chromosome replication through homologous recombination rather than SOS pathway and that Chi hot spot is not concerned with.
Willie HN genes were compared, SGM01 demonstrated a higher homologies of 96.5%~97.2% with strains which were isolated in recent years, but lower homologies of 87.4% and 89.0% with LaSota and F_(48) E_9
Conclusion:Total glucosides of paeonia can alleviate the severity of skin lesions of patients with posoriasis vulgaris and can also decrease the risk of atherosclerosis,which can induce the cardiovascular event.
Objective: The purpose of the study was to investigate the effects of vitamin E(VitE) on cognitive deficits induced by status epilepticus(SE) and the possible mechanism in terms of oxidative stress in hippocampus.
The resistance rate of fluconazole and itraconazole were higher than that of other drugs.
Objective To explore the situation of HGV infection in normal pregnant and puerperal women and the possibility of HGV transmission by mother to infant route.Methods Antibodies against hepatitis G virus (anti_HGV) were detected by enzyme_linked immunosorbent assay(ELISA)and HGVRNA were detected by RT_PCR technique in women and infants sera.Results 46 positive sera of anti_HGV were found in 848 normal pregnant and puerperal women sera with a positive rate of 5.42%;5 positive ser...
Methods Fasudil Hydrochloride Injection was put at high temperature and under illumination.The photodegradation product of Fasudil Hydrochloride Injection was identified by liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry.
Methods We summarized and analysed the sonograms of 24 patients with submaxillary gland diseases
with esterified hydroxyl and carboxyl groups
in addition, MDR1 mRNA expression was induce in H9 cells by treatment with Adriamycin, vinblastine and methotrexate ( FIG. 5), and in KB-3-1 cell with Adriamycin ( FIG. 4c
Expression and Significance of Chemokine SLC in Mice with Experimental Colitis
influence of four kind of cytokine units on differentiation and development of murine bone marrow-derived dendritic cell
In the presence of methanol, the new technology of preparing carboxyl methyl starch (CMS) with the degree of substitution from 1.0 to 3.0 was designed and used in the alkali media. The reaction optimum condition was that the ratio of the raw materials was starch: 4 (mono) chloroacetic acid:sodium hydrate=1:1:2, the temperature was 50℃, the time was 5h, the yield was over 90
Clinical application of enteral nutrition and parenteral nutrition support in patients after the operation of esophagus cancer or cardiac cancer
6 - Chloro - 2 - iodo - 9- ( 2 , 3 - di - O - acetyl - 5 - deoxy - 5 - isopropylthio - P - D - ribofuranosyl ) - purine ( compound 32 ) .
SPECTROFLUORIMETRIC DETERMINATION OF TRACE ALUMINIUM IN CATIONIC-MICROEMULSION;
Six Cases of Biliateral Adrenal Gland Tumor in Children And Literature Review
All patients were finally testified by operations. Results The correct diagnosis rate of obstructive position in MRCP was 100%,and the corret rate of finding obstructive causes 66.7%,MRCP combined with MRI raised the acurracy of diagnosis of obstructive causes(80.6%).
Compound ( Ia ) can be transformed into compound ( I ) by functional group trans formation , which is obvious to the person skilled in the organic chemistry .
in that present specification, the term" one or more" when use in the context of" an amino acid sequence having deletion, substitution, addition or insertion of one or more amino acid" means a number of one to ten in general, and preferably a number of one to a few ( e. g., three or four ).
Effects of different time cutoffs from triage to antibiotic administration, qualification for early goal-directed therapy to antibiotic administration, triage to appropriate antibiotic administration, and qualification for early goal-directed therapy to appropriate antibiotic administration on in-hospital mortality were examined.The mean age of the 261 Patients was 59+/-16 yrs; 41%were female
The results showed that the Cefuroximetazobactam(4:1) injection had no hypersensitive reaction on guinea pigs,no evidences of hemolyzation and aggregation on rabbit erythrocyte in vitro,and no obvious stimulatory effects on muscles and marginal ear veins of rabbit.
The supernatants of these precipitates were analyzed by cation exchange chromatography.
the present invention has simple synthesis process, low production cost and high yield, and the synthesized amphiphilic polymer may be used directly or after being modified as medicinal or gene carrier, phase transfer catalyst, nano level catalyst, reactor, etc.
The pharmaceutical compositions useful in this invention comprise indole derivatives and melatonin analogs of Formulae I-IV.
More particularly, these active extracts have been unexpectedly shown to decrease melanin production and decrease hypermelanocytic states.
The difference of pathogen-detection rate between the two groups was significant(χ2=5. 861,P<0.05).
The present invention further is directed to the improved process for making by free radical polymerization a monodisperse, macroporous polymeric media with covalently bonded polymer chains.
Cloning of Resistant Genes acrB、marR in E.coli and Preliminary Screening Expression Strains
Inhibitory Effect of Trichostatin A on Human Gastric Cancer Cells and its Possible Mechanism
Cloning Differentially Expressed Genes by Suppression Subtractive Hybridization in Rat Liver Regeneration
it is usual that he rinse that cavity in the molar or root canal, respectively,
The hs-CRP levels in stroke groups decreased gradually after one day,one week and two weeks respectively after stroke.
2 -oxyheteroarylamide derivatives as parp inhibitors
Glutamine induces heat shock proteins to protect against acute lung injury
Objective The expression of Stathmin in non-small cell lung cancer(NSCLC) and in normal tissue the expression and its relationship with clinical and pathological features.
The over-the-counter occlusion treatment approach has been traditionally reported as the deposition of solid particles or mineralized crystals, such as stannous, strontium and oxalates.4,5
However it is generally preferred to use recombinant manipulations to make the in-frame fusion protein.
investigation on infection status of Demoderx mite among college students in Baoding city
Distribution of Carboxyl Groups in Monodispersed Poly(N-Isopropylacylamide-co-Acrylic Acid) Microspheres Prepared by Membrane Emulsification
Early diagnosis and treatment of delayed intracranial haematoma
The results show that NTOD is a mixed type inhibitor and the inhibition effect is higher than 97% in 5% hydrochloric acid solution.The adsorption of NTOD on Q235 steel surface is consistent with Langmuir adsorption isotherm and belongs to chemisorption.
The effects of emulsifier, crosslinking agent, swelling time and reaction time on the fractional conversion were studied, respectively
Combined primary posterior capsulotomy and anterior vitrectomy in pediatric cataracts surgery.
The diagnostic value of MRI in aortic dissection
Male spontaneously hypertensive Wistar rats ( SHRs ) are prepared for reversible focal cerebral ischemia by unilateral occlusion of both the common carotid artery ( CCA ) and the middle cerebral artery ( MCA ) , using a modification of the technique described by Brint and co-workers ( J . Cereb Blood Flow Metab 8 : 474-485,1988 ) .
In healthy humans , tramadol is demethylated by the polymorphic enzyme cytochrome P450 2D6 ( CYP2D6 ) to the M1 metabolite .
Culture and Identification of Astrocyte of Rats in Vitro
3. Polyamino acid according to claim 1 or claim 2, wherein the polyamino acid is composed of L-glutamate or L-glutamic homopolymers linked to the polyamino acid by their carboxy group in alpha position.
Studies on distribution and pharmacokinetics of ~(125)I-RGD-4CY in vivo
Identification of S-Genotypes of Pear Cultivars and Analyses of Nucleotide Sequences of S_(28)-RNase and S_(30)-RNase
Objective To explore the mothods,curative effect and advantages of interventional therapy under ultrasound guide in treatment of bacterial liver abscesses.
Metkods 121 high freguency X-ray images of breast cancer surgically confirmed were analyzed.
each Rcs is independently halogen, cyano, C1-4 alkyl, C1-4 haloalkyl, C1-3 alkoxy(C1-3)alkyl, C1-4 alkoxy, C1-4 haloalkoxy, C1-4 alkylsulphonyl, C1-4 or alkoxycarbonyl.
Correlative analysis between social support and quality of life in patients with diabetic retinopathy
Influence of open heart surgery under cardiopulmonary bypass on pancreatic beta cell function
The shoot buds differentiation and elongation rate of Bulgaria pointed pepper were 100% and 75%; of Chiyan 6 were 83% and 55%.
it also acknowledge that variety of national goals with regard to fertility ( para. 27 ), recommend criteria to be followed in the formulation and implementation of fertility policies ( para. 29 ) and recognizes a serie of instruments available to affect fertility ( paras. 30-32 ).
Study on Synthesis and Reaction of Mono and Hetero Nucleus Titanocene Complexes in Mild Condition
comprising administering to the patient a capsaicin receptor modulatory amount of at least one compound or form thereof according to any one of claims 1, 14 or 41,
Methods: 32 cases of splenic traumatic rupture were treated by preserving spleens
the artificial dermis is prepared by using sponge or gel type collagen or by using absorbent polymer.
Combination of GM-CSF and IL-4 enhance immune function of dendritic cells
It may be that male embryos are less viable in women who regularly limit food intake, such as skipping breakfast, which is known to depress glucose levels
AIM: To investigate the effect of 1g/L diclofenac sodium eye drops after corneal stem cell transplantation in the treatment of pterygium.
the masse spectrum of 3 - hydroxy - 4 - phenylbutyric acid ( 3hpb) methyl ester and 3 - hydroxy - 6 - phenylhexanoic acid ( 3hphx), which be obtain by gc - ms measurement, be show in fig. 35 and fig. 36, respectively
Effects of mesenchymal stem cell transplantation on expression of growth associated protein-43 in rats after spinal cord injury
Study on Th1 immune response in patients with tuberculous and malignant pleural effusion
The effect of different general anesthesia methods on myocardial function in mitral valve replacement patients
hydrolysis of the alkoxy silane compounds resulting in the formation of si02 as the solid binder for the pigment or the color lake.
When the kit is in use, the scopolamine injection can be injected by single subcutaneous injection or single intramuscular injection, and the auricular needle is placed at acupuncture points of the mouth and the lung outside the two ears.
Rusults The effective rate in the treatment group and the matched group were 95.0%and 72.5% respectively, with significant difference between the two groups, Pserum marks of hepatic fibrosis in treatment group was significantly impoved compared with that in control group, P< 0.05.Conclusion GLF was an effective and safe drug for chronic hepatits with liver cirrhosis
Method Mental care before operation,basic nursing and guiding functional exercise after operation was performed on 158 cases.
18 . a botanical drug as claimed in claim 17 wherein the botanical drug substance from the Salvia spp. comprises at least 1.5 % by ( weight ) of Tanshinone IIA as calculated by HPLC method 19 .
Objective To investigate the clinical efficacy of circular needling method in treating simple insomnia.
Constructure of Prokaryotic Expression Vector and Role in Embryonic Implantation and Early Development for nm23-M2
The study was a randomized, active-controlled, and double blind clinical trial conducted in 16 centers for the patients diagnosed as acute gastritis or acute aggravation of chronic gastritis.
The expression of VDUP1 mRNA levels was dose-dependently incrased.Conclusion 1,25-(OH)2D3 attenuates airway inflammatory response and increases the level of VDUP1 mRNA.It may indicate VDUP1 as a marker of oxidative stress and potentially may provide a new therapeutic approach against asthma.
Chromium-6 plays a starring role in the movie "Erin Brockovich." It's based on a true story in which a paralegal (portrayed on screen by Julia Roberts) helped a California town's residents win $333 million from a utility that had leaked chromium into their water. Breathing chromium-6 has long been linked with lung cancer. According to U.S. authorities, ingesting the substance can damage the stomach, kidneys and liver.
(e) Development of curriculum reforms in universities in Colombia, Costa Rica, Guatemala, Peru and Venezuela for the purpose of incorporating the gender perspective in the law and social work study plans.
This paper reports a hysteria case who,cured by using suggestion therapy,hasnt had a relapse for seven years.It presents his clinical manifestation,the process of the treatment, and also probes into the medical psychological and sociological pathogeny. Practice has proved that medir.al pattern we should adopt in dealing with a disease is quite comprehensive, It concerns biology psychology-, sociology, and not biology only.
Results:The use of harmonic scalpel shortened the operation time,reduced the volume of draining and salivary fistula compared with electrocautery.
t can cause urethritis, cervicitis, conjunctivities, pelviperitonitis, lymphogranuloma and accompanied with severe complications and sequelaes, so the treatment of C
EFFECT OF INCREASING CALCIUM INTAKE ON THE FORMATION OF PEAK BONE MASS AND THE PREVENTION OF POSTMENOPAUSAL OSTEOPOROSIS IN FEMALE RATS
Stability detection of clonal F_2 population in rapeseed using simple repetitive DNA sequences
Pleural effusions are common complications that may be produced by a wide variety of lung diseases. Most of malignant pleural effusions are due to adenocarcinoma of lung.
Synthesis and Properties of β-Cyclodextrin Derivatized Pancreatin Used as Chiral Selector in CEC
The present invention is generally directed to improved methods, systems and compositions for carrying out nucleic acid sequence analysis, and particularly sequence analysis that employs template dependent synthesis in identifying the nucleotide sequence of target nucleic acids.
Aim To investigate the manifestations of CT and MR of knee traumatic lipohemarthrosis and their diagnostic value.
Objective:To timely minus knees arthritis pain,improve life quality,use the traditional warm needling and modern popular knee lumen injections concept,observe warm needling with sodium hyaluronate treatment knee osteoarthritis curative effect.
Research of the Ultrafiltration on the Bacillus subtilis Aminopeptidase Extraction
The stabilities of emulsions were increased as the maltodextrin doses and the degree of substitution (DS) increased
3 following placebo(day -1) and the first and seventh daily oral administration of revaprazan 200mg and omeprazole 20mg 10
There was blood in his urine
Results Exposure to 125 μmmol/L H 2 O 2 did not obviously affect the cell viability.
according to the present invention the stroke volume is set in accordance to the dose of medicament to be expelled.
Results The tenacity total scores were 50. 31 ±9.72,and the self acceptance total scores were 30. 40 ±10.23. The tenacity four-dimensions of personality and the total scores showed significantly positive correlation with the self acceptance two-dimensions and the total scores(P<0.01).
The clinical analysis of 13 children with primary splenic tumor
The Th1 and Th2 type cytokines, which regulate the human immune response, play an important role in the immune response to infection with genital herpes virus
Objective:To observe the abdominal needle with suspended moxibustion Baihui treatment of cervical vertigo(CV) clinical efficacy.
Experimental Study and Mathematical Description of Cationic Polymerization Reaction in a Tubular Reactor (Ⅱ) Experimental Study and Model Validation
Gene transfer of CD151 enhanced myocardial angiogenesis and improved cardiac function in rats with experimental myocardial infarction
the present invention relate in a further aspect to that use of an anti-angiogenic drug in conjunction with a photosensitive agent in the preparation of a medicament for the improved photodynamic treatment of unwanted neovasculature due to CNV in a subject, preferably a human subject
From the drug's history, form to function, such as prescriptions, which described in detail.
The Efficacy Analysis on the Clinical Classification of the Dupuytren’s Contracture
Study on Left Ventricular Diastolic Function in Hypertension Patients by Myocardial Velocity Gradient
Enrichment of iridoid glycosides from the 80% EtOH extract of Gardenia jasminoides Ellis by macroporous resin was studied. The result suggested that D101 macroporous resin column chromatography eluting with 80% EtOH was suitable for purification of iridoid glycosides from this plant.
The HBsAg-positive cells were observed at 3 weeks and peaked at 7 weeks after immunization;
Meta-analysis:Ⅱ comparison and appliante of the Meta-analysis
There are no significant differences on the aspects of gender, family, singleton or not and socioeconomic status in total scores
Promoter Region Methylation Analysis of the Glutathione S-transferase P1 Gene in Prostate Carcinoma
so that that monitor of the optical effects provoke to the tissue by the marker and the insertion of treatment tools is not obstructed.
Anterior base of skull amplified epidural approach to cerebrospinal fliud rhinorrhea mending operation
In conscious curarized and artificially ventilated rat, electrical stimulation ofthe zona compacta (SNc) or zona reticulata substantia nigra (SN_R) markedlysuppressed spontaneous unit discharges of the nucleus raphe magnus.
Riddle of the Vascular System--the Life Vein of Higher Plants
The current results, together with those from Cycowicz and his collaborators’, suggest that the conclusion based on color source studies holds true only in limited ranges of episodic sources.
The investigators point out this finding was particularly striking in larger studies of more than 2500 patients with bipolar disorder
18. As evidenced by the low number of intergovernmental organizations that responded to the questionnaire (4 out of 22, of which only 2 are involved in activities related to the Conference), it is clear that it is the non-governmental organizations, rather than the intergovernmental organizations, that have played a more significant role in the area of reproductive rights and reproductive health.
The method was successfully applied to choline and allantoin assay in samples of yam. The spike recoveries were in the range of 95. 6 % ~101. 1 %, with relative standard deviations less than 2. 5
Growth and Tolerance of Acetobacter pasteurianus Ap2012
Recent advances in diagnosis and treatment of Hodgkin’s lymphoma
Objective: To explore the clinical curative effect of open fracture of tibia and fibula in treating patients with severe soft tissue injury.
This article study on effects of different temperatures and storage time (group A:4℃ 0 day; group B:-70℃ 30 days; group C:4℃ 7 days) on blood DNA extracting from Chinese Holstein and comparison of three blood DNA extraction methods[reagent box method(E);improved reagent box method(F);phenol-chloroform method(G)].
The MIC90 against A. fumigatus, A. flavus, and A. niger in order of increasing was caspofungin, posaconazole, voriconazole, itraconazole, amphotericin B
23220 also lowers total cholesterol levels in the blood as so can be used to treat sufferers of hyper-cholesterolaemia.
Investigation of cognition and behavior for alimentary control in patients with gout and research on its influencing factors
Observation of the efficacy of MEBO treatment combined with fumigating and washing with Chinese medicines in treating skin ulcer of extremities of diabetic patients
Results The expression of VCAM-1 mRNA,VCAM-1 protein,NF-κB p65 protein and the adhesion function to monocytes were induced by Hcy in HUVEC comparaed with the control group(P<0.
Therefore, substantially no fluorescence is detected at . lamda.Emx1 when the second nucleic acid strand N2 does not exist in the interaction system and the double-stranded nucleic acid is not formed.
the research of that long-term effect of uterine arterial embolization on uterine myoma
At 85% confluence, cells were sub-cultured in 5% FBS serum stripped medium, phenol red free for 24 hours prior to the treatment of the test chemical.
The level of 1-integrin expression may have a close correlation with the prognosis:the higher the level of 1-integrin expression,the worse the prognosis in medulloblastoma.
measuring a florescence intensity after quenching of the fluorescent substance;
To another 18 healthy subjects,infusion of levofloxacin 300 mg was given intravenously within 60 min and 90 min, respectively.
The phy gene,AlHAK1 gene and bar gene were transferred into 1 500 maize embryonic calli of maize inbred line H99 by particle-bombardment co-transformation.
Moreover, it is possible to omit the diagnosis for the same patient after the finding of the lesion, and this saves time required for the doctor's diagnosis
callus variant of Anisodus acutangulus was obtained from the 13th generation of a root-callus line that had been irradiated with 4000 R of ~(60) Co
All the patients received the coronary angiography,and the degree of scleratheroma was scored by Gensini.
pathogens and mycotoxins can cause severe problems including digestive , reproductive , neurological , and athletic problems , as well as chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( " COPD " ) in horses .
Objective: To observe the effect of retrograde intramedullary interlocking nail and CPM for treatment of patients with distal femoral fracture.
The effects of initial medium volume on lysine fermentation and the fermentation mechanisms under different initial medium volume were analyzed in this study.
1. In combination with the production of heat stable alpha-amylase by the fermentation of Bacillus licheniformis to provide a fermentation broth containing the enzyme and solid waste products from the fermentation, the improvement which comprises adding to the fermentation broth a maltodextrin in sufficient quantity to inhibit enzyme-enzyme agglomeration thereby enhancing the solubility of the alpha-amylase in aqueous solution.
Conclusion Inhibiting the expressions of Ang-2 and Tie-2 might be one of the mechanisms of Tanshinone ⅡA in anti-hepatoma effect.
PHARMACOKINETICS OF CHICKEN TYPE Ⅱ COLLAGEN IN RATS
Type IV Renal Tubular Acidosis
improve process for that production of vinyl acetate
Effect and Mechanism of MJ on Promoting Dedetached-Leaf Senescence
To clarify the mechanism.Methods: The model of Ems in SD rats was duplicated by autologous transplantation,the contents of IL-2 and TNF-α in serum and peritoneal fluid were detected by ELISA.
ABILITY OF SCALE INHIBITION OF OXIDATION PRODUCT PREPARED FROM MECHANICAL ACTIVATED CASSAVA STARCH
HA,LN and blood viscosity dropped significantly after treatment( P <0.05~0.01),which indicates that this method has desirable effect in the treatment of yin jaundice.
Chronic wound has very complicated pathogenesis and is difficult to treat.In particular,chronic wounds often lead to loss of functional ability,increase pain and reduce quality of life,and can be a burden of medical care.
Using SOD2-/+ heterozygous knock-out mice, we found that Mn-SOD is a direct target of STAT3 in reperfusion-induced neuronal cell death.
Results Superficial varicose in 16 limbs had disappeared in postoperative,with no complications,followed up 2 to 12 months,there was no ulcer and superficial varicose recurrence.
(3) Three miscarriage winners groups had successful delivery, and their newborns showed no obvious deformity.
Objective To observe the relationship between P53 gene mutation and malignant eyelid tumor.
Study Progress on Total Synthesis of Natural Benzopranylchalcones
Research Advancement about Mechanism of Cerebral Edema After Hypertension Cerebral Hemorrhage
Seven optically active 3 - oxabicyclo -[3.1.0]- hex - 2 - one derivatives (or bicyclic lactones) were prepared from unsaturated esters of diazoacetic acid by the asymmetric intramolecular carbene addition under the action of a chiral copper catalyst, (S) - 7644. The merit of this method is its simple operation using commercially available reagents. The structure of the products obtained were confirmed by elemental analysis, IR, NMR and the specific rotation, the e. e. values were also dete...
Clone,construction,and expression of eukaryotic expression vector containing F gene of human respiratory syncytial virus subgroup A
Results The occurrence of postoperative intestinal fistula,pulmonary infection,adhesive intestinal obstruction,incision infection and cardiopulmonary dysfunction were not significantly different(P>0.05).
For extending soybean genetic basis and overcoming the narrow genetic basis of choosing parents when creating a new cross combination,we used PCR technique to find the allelic variation among soybean germplasm resources of different countries.SSR(Simple Sequences Repeats) variation was assessed in 166 sample of soybean from China,Canada,United States,Russia and Italy with 11paired-primers.
The change of Gq/11 protein content in rat kidney during ARDS
The invention provides isolated MAGE-A1 peptides which bind HLA class II molecules, and functional variants of such peptides, the functional variants comprising one or more amino acid additions, substitutions or deletions to the MAGE-A1 peptide sequence.
the molecular weight distribution of a curable resin component comprising component (A) and component (B) including from 30 to 50% by weight of a component with a molecular weight of less than 1,000, and 10% by weight or less of a component with a molecular weight exceeding 100,000;
The moisture content of loquat (Eriobotrya japonica L.) seeds reach 58. 7% (55. 3% in cotyledon and 73.2%in embryonic axis) when shedding
the anionic layer are effective for capturing extraneous agent 21 that are positively charged and cationic layers are effective for capturing extraneous agent 21 that are negatively charged.
The MDA,T-SOD and GSH levels in lung tissue of rat with acute paraquat poisoning and intervention of notoginsenoside
Hearing loss is common but often untreated in older adults
Functional cardiac images consist of multiple phases and multiple slices.
Investigation on Characteristic Velocity of Agitating Extraction Column
As the ODH gene derived from microorganisms, animals, or plants, the following genes can be used
insulin sensitize prepared from herba Portulacae for that prevention and treatment of diabetes and hyperlipidemia, and its preparation method
it is known that delaminate or exfoliated cation exchange layered materials can be used as reinforce filler in a polymer system.
in a further aspect this invention resides broadly in an optically active polymer composition including an optically transmissive polymer matrix having dispersed therein a dye composition including an organic dye nano- encapsulated in a clay material.
The granultion tissue and bracket of blood vessel formed in the brain infarction focal of 4 week,blood vessel had hyperplasia and dilatation in the free group and braking group.
preferably forming micelles, as do bile salts, and indeed, one of the biological functions of bile salts in vivo is to aid the dissolution of dietary components, particularly lipids, in the intestine.
In this trial, patients with endoscopically confirmed erosion were targeted.
Studies Organic Polymeric Materials DSB & TSB of Two-photon Absorption and Time-resolved Fluorescence Spectrum
The anesthesia efficacy of 0.25% ropivacaine was significantly less than that of 0.25% bupivacaine, and the satisfactory rate of block with 0.25% ropivacaine was low, only 85%.
Studies on the Development of Digestive System and Enzyme Activity of Chinese Sturgeon, Acipenser Sinensis;
1 Mutations in the lpxM gene produce a low endotoxicity lipopolysaccharide.
The Process Conditions Optimization of γ-aminobutyric acid’s Preparation from Rice Bran with GAD Added
Follicle stimulating hormone(FSH) has important effects in regulating animal reproductive function.
the cross-linking may further include polymerization of small molecules into the network formed by cross-linking .
A Meta-analysis on Randomized Control Trial of Carvedilol and Labetalol Treatment in Mild and Moderate Hypertension
Method: As a research object,568 children with acute lower respiratory infection who treated from August 2011 to December 2012 in Dongfeng hospital of Zhongshan.The specimens in deep phlegm with children were collected by painless sputum suction method.And sent to laboratory for bacterial culture,strain identification and drug sensitive test immediately.
Beutelrock's nerve canal reamer
To explore the relationship of parameters of nitric oxide (NO), endothelin (ET) and blood stasis syndrome (BSS) of traditional Chinese medicine (TCM) in acute cerebral infarction (ACI).
Spleen-Asthenia Syndrome with the Function of Hypothalamus-Pituitary-Thyroid-Thymus Axis;
STUDY ON THE CARBOXYMETHYL WHEAT STARCH
The method of claim 1, wherein the vitamin D compound modulates the expression of one or more proteins in Table 3-1 and Table 3-2 by at least about 2-fold
study on remove of nitrogen oxides by adsorption in activate carbon
Objective To explore the recurrence of great sapheous varicotomy and preventive measures.
the result show that VHE ter- polyesters with monome ratios 5/60/30 and 5/75/20 are nearly random copolymers with a little of alternative structure
Subsequently, the microcomputer 110 calculates the concentration of the first antigen, by referring to the correlation between the wavelength shift amount of the first wavelength and the concentration of the first antigen in the memory 111.
The number average molecular weight (Mn) of the polymer determined by gel permeation chromatography (GPC) was 3,400
include dewatering substantially intact algal cell to make an algal biomass, extracting neutral lipids along with carotenoid and chlorophylls from that algal biomass
Scanning laser entoptic perimetry for the detection of visual defects associated with diabetic retinopathy
A Study on the Interplanting Patterns and Effects of Agroforestry;
The nurse and observation of intestinal function recovery of gastric cancer postoperative analgesia
Value of ~(99m)Tc-MIBI imaging in the diagnosis of breast cancer
FIG. 3 shows that erlotinib-sensitive HN5 HNC cells are sensitive to EGFR pathway blockade by miR-7.
The Value of Imaging Diagnosis in Pituitary Microadenoma--An Analysis of 30 Proved Cases
Factors which affect the natural history and prognosis of childhood asthma are discussed
The effects of administration of motilin into the lateral hypothalamic area (LHA) on gastric antrum motility in conscious rats and on gastric distention (GD) sensitive neurons in dorsal vagal complex (DVC) in anesthetized rats were studied.
The design of muti-target antitumor drugs affecting on FTase and Raf-1 kinase
Studies on the Method of Pesticide Multicomponents Analysis Ⅱ. Capillary Gas Chromatography Analysis for the Residues of 18 Phosphorus and Organonitrate Insecticides in Rice
a particularly useful process is the low water rhodium- catalyzed carbonylation of methanol to acetic acid as exemplified in u. s. patent no. 5,001, 259.
The average number of selectively constrained nucleotides within a mammalian intergenic region is at least 2000
Results:All 117 patients were successfully resect cervical inner neoplasia(CIN) under treatment of LEEP.
Without being limited to any one theory, it is believed that these groups are capable of interacting with the appropriate receptor (s), other than exclusively the PS receptor, on antigen presenting cells in vivo.
The screening on the growth speed, sporulation quantity and pathogenicity of the space-carried strain indicates that wide positive mutation has been generated on such aspects of the space mutant strain Sd-m-16 of the Shandong strain as growth property, pathogenicity to root-knot nematode eggs and the like; particularly, the pathogenicity of the mutant strain is greatly improved in comparison with that of the original strain.
disulfides described in us patent 5,230, 982 may be conventionally synthesized by subjecting a thiol starting material to an oxidative coupling reaction.
Collection of NMR data for compound 1 in DMSO-d6 revealed an extra HMBC correlation from one of the NH2 amide protons to the 13-carbon of Asn, thus determining the chain proceeded through C-1.
Lower level of endogenous dopamine in patients with cocaine dependence:findings from PET imaging of D/Dreceptors following acute dopamine depletion
Effects of rhIL-2 on CFU-E and BFU-E from human bone marrow culture
and an insulin secretion curve model is generated by the insulin injecting management software and then is inputted to the electric control unit of the insulin pump to control the operation of the insulin pump.
There were high conservatism in duck GH gene 5’flanking,3’flanking and exon sequence and no differences among the five breeds.
C) 0 to 10 percent by weight of a dye or dye mixture, the percentage being in relation to the dry weight,
Research Progress of CBF/DREB Transcription Factor and Dwarfism
Effect of induced pluripotent stem cells in neurodegenerative diseases
【Conclusion】 This study successfully constructed the recombinant lentivirus interfering vector target on porcine ATGL gene,the lentivirus effectively inhibited ATGL mRNA and protein expression and glycerol release in porcine adipocytes.The results suggest that ATGL plays a key role in porcine fat cell lipolysis,and 113 point is the best interference target site of ATGL gene CDS.
Efficacy: Nourish skin, improve subcutaneous dermal layer, revitalize and cleanse skin.
Professor Sun Wei treatment of chronic renal failure commonly used drugs pair include astragalus and Lu Codonopsis;fried Angelica and phaeocaulis;pale ginger with epimedium;Shi Wei,Smilax and Liuyuexue;thick gutta with Achyranthes.
Results After ACC-M cells were treated by 0.75mg/ml matrine,Bcl-2 expression ofACC-M cell decreased and cytoplasmic or nuclear staining weakened nder.
This photo-reactive agent has a characteristic light absorption waveband and is commonly administered to a subject via intravenous injection, oral administration, or by local delivery to the treatment site.
Osteoarthritis of the Knee Evidence based Resources
the data for the at least two images can be collected in an interleaved or sequential manner and under sufficiently similar conditions that voxels of volume images and slices and planes of slice images are all aligned, without shifting or spatially transforming images.
not used with a processing set of the type shown or described above) for " direct " withdrawal of blood from a donor or patient
Results The change of blood fatty is connected closely with the occurrence of fatty liver
Relationship between KAI1 expression and survival periods of gastric carcinoma patients
Effects of acidic aluminum on chromosome stability in Vicia faba root tips were studied.
Objective To investigate the curative effect of nasal irrigation after functional endoscopic sinus surgery for chronic sinusitis.
Objective: To observe the effects of "Shuxin Decoction" on Fas in myocardium in rats of acute myocardial ischemia,in order to provide reference for clinical application of "Shuxin Decoction".
Clinical Effect Analysis and Nursing on Fire Dragon Therapy in Treatment of 62 Cases of Spleen-Kidney Yang Deficiency Diarrhea
suitably, that glycolipid: triglyceride hydrolyse activity ratio may be greater than 4.
The comparision of each chinesemedicine syndrome about the most serious coronary artery is no statistic significance
Application of alkaloids compounds in the preparation of antineoplastic medicament
Antioxidant activity and functional properties of protein hydrolysates from grass carp(Ctenopharyngodon idellus) meat,hydrolyzed by Alcalase 2. 4L(HA) and Papain(HP) with different(10%,20%)degrees of hydrolysis(DH) were investigated.
The results showed that the four growth regulators could enhance germination index(GI) and vigor index(VI) of maize.The leaf area of maize treated by Haoxianshou was significantly increased,the root weight and number of roots treated by Tianda-2116 were obviously increased,CCC had great effect on root length.The chlorophyll content in leaf treated by Luyuan was increased by 38. 9% compared with that treated by clean water.
Objective: To isolate and preparate the inulin-type pentasaccharide from oligosaccharide extract of Morinda officinalis How
Western blot kit for cardiolipin and specific IgM antibodies of syphilis and preparation thereof
Objective To investigate the effects of dexmedetomidine on cardiovascular response to tracheal intubation undergoing general anesthesia for gynecological laparoscopic surgery.
SEM Image showed that after inlaying,a layer of compound was covered on the surface of the polyester fiber,and after grafting,the covered layer became thicker.FT-IR indicated that sericin protein had been grafted onto the polyester.DSC showed that the thermal stability of the polyester had been improved.XRD showed that the crystalinity degree of the inlaid polyester decreased,while acetic acid treatment made it increased slightly.
Influences of Substitution Mn with Ga on the Microstructures and Properties of La4Sr8Ti11Mn1-xGaxO38-δ Novel Anode Materials for SOFC
Objective Analyzing the applying value of serum level of platelet derived growth factor BB(PDGF-BB) in chronic hepatitis B(CHB) to study the diagnostic correlation of PDGF-BB level,HBV DNA level,liver function damage,liver fibrosis in CHB patients.
coupler subunit
Effect of Depression on Hemiplegia Early Rehabilitation after Stroke
Chronic stress is associated with depression and suppressed immunity. In a 10-week follow-up study, Clow found that early risers reported more muscle aches, cold symptoms and headaches----and significantly worse moods.
With a mean follow-up of 64 months (range, 3-132), patients with adenocarcinoid lesions had better prognosis than those with adenocarcinomas.
70. The use of paragraphs 67 or 68 wherein the double stranded RNA consists of poly-adenine and poly-uracil.
and thereby detecting and/or quantifying expression of said target protein candidate.
The present status of imaging diagnosis of splenic occupying lesions
Evaluation of Pathological Stage and Grade of Endometrial Carcinoma Using MRI Three-dimensional Dynamic Contrast-enhanced and Diffusion Weighted Imaging
it is likely that the NaHC03 used to neutralize the acid of the stomach damaged the virus particles and affected the immunogenicity of the particles .
Scale for the assessment of positive symptoms, saps
All cases were cured by oral praziquantel.No case was recurrence in follow-up at least 1 month.
Methods The bone marrow cells were colelcted from 29 patients with multiple myeloma.The immunomagnetically sorted and unsorted cells were detected for TP53 and RB1 expressions using MLPA probes and the results were compared with fluorescent in situ hybridization(FISH).
Objective To evaluate clinical features and the clinical application of radical transabdominal operation for the senile cardiac cancer by using the EEA(end-to-end anastomosis) stapler.
The gene disrupted by Tn5 was identified as a homolog of the hpaP gene,a conserved gene of type Ⅲ secretion system(T3SS).
synthesis of acrylic compound 1 have an Oxetanyl group
Results T2DM patients fasting insulin and c-peptide was higher than normal(P<0.05),postprandial peak value control group 1h,2h postprandial peak in the diabetic group.
The effect of levamisole on EAE was evaluated both by clinical scores of EAE and neuropathology disorder.
Application of fetal echocardiography in the first trimester of pregnancy
Methods The intramural lymphatics of rectum in rats were studied by light and electron microscopy to obtain some data regarding their fine distribution.
48 synthesized at high pressure appeared higher thermal and hydrothermal stability than that synthesized at autogenous pressure
(5) phosphoric acid aqueous solution;
Laboratory study on the function of spermatozoa with infection of Ureaplasma Urealyticum
include a thermoplastic polymer matrix and at least one compound that enhances that resilience of thermoplastic composition. said matrix consists of a mixture of:
SDH positive granules and ACP grey level were assayed by MIAS - 300 imageanalyser.
The image generating unit 140 generates a B-mode image in which the signal intensity is expressed in brightness level, from the B-mode data generated by the B-mode processing unit 120, and generates a color Doppler image that displays power components and the like indicating the blood flow rate, distribution, and blood flow volume in colors in a distinguishable manner, from the bloodstream information generated by the Doppler processing unit 130.
Genes underlie numerous human diseases and traits. Although we have witnessed a great deal of success in identifying disease-susceptible genes, the task remains challenging for most of the complex diseases. This paper reviews evidence for the role of genetic factors in complex diseases, and strategies that can potentially optimize our chance of success in identifying genes involved in complex diseases. Advances in molecular biology, particularly mapping of the human genome, statistical methods that provide...
Among the three different tests, hyperventilation presented significant differences with 5%CO2 inhalation and breath-holding (P breath-holding test (P > 0.05).
Drug resistance and homology of acinetobacter baumannii isolated from ICU
CNT/nano-TiO2/Pt complex electrode was firstly made in our work and the oxidation behavior of glucose on the CNT/nano-TiO2/Pt complex electrode was studied.
sodium fluoride, potassium fluoride, sodium monofluorophosphate, potassium monofluorophosphate, and magnesium glycerophosphate.
however, study by that inventors have reveal that the amplification efficiency by the LAMP method varies according to the kind of primer.
which is sprayed into tea in a spraying way.
i. e. a copolymer of various chain length methyl and alkyl methacrylate.
The nucleic acid construct encoding the muteins may also be prepared synthetically by established standard methods, for example, the phosphoramidite method described by Beaucage, et al. , (Gene Amplif. Anal. 3:1-26, 1983).
Methods Enrolled 687 cases of normal pregnant women including 105 cases of women in early pregnancy,319 cases of mid-pregnant women and 263 cases of women in late pregnancy,29 cases of GDM for PMP testing by flow cytometer.
In order to achieve good sedimentation stability, the number-average particle size of the special polyurethane dispersions is preferably less than 750 nm, particularly preferably less than 500 nm, most particularly preferably in the range from 20 to 450 nm determined by laser correlation spectroscopy after dilution with deionised water (instrument: Malvern Zetasizer 1000, Malvern Inst. Limited).
Giardia: Like crypto, giardia is a microscopic parasite passed through feces, which can cause diarrhea
study on that extraction craft of the polysaccharide from the pocket-size mushroom by enzymolysis
Comparison of experimental study of MR enhanced pulmonary perfusion imaging and SPECT pulmonary perfusion in pulmonary embolism
On the basis of retrieval principle and retrieval method,effects of spectral resolution,terrain height,initial value of CO2 column and surface albedo on retrieval accuracy are investigated using forward model LBLRTM. The result demonstrates that in the process of CO2 retrieval thoughtful considerations are desired for sensitive factors above-mentioned so as to improve the accuracy.
Conclusion With the help of DSA guidance combined with ultrasound localization the technical success rate of PTBD can be greatly improved and the operation time can be shortened.This technique is safe and effective,and it is very helpful in reducing patient’s suffering.Meanwhile,the exposure dose of irradiation can be lessened to a large extent.(J Intervent Radiol,2012,21: 69-71)
The physical properties of bacterial cellulose(BC) prepared using different drying methods were investigated.
in this example, however, 70 mg of encapsulate protease with a particle size between 0.3 and 0.9 mm were mixed with 3.2 g of ALL and 0.3 g of sodium perborate tetrahydrate.
Compare with the control group,survival rate of rat sperm decreased after exposure,the high-dose group was the lowest,but abnormality rate of sperm showed no significant difference among each other(P>0.05).After exposed to nano lead sulfide,the concentration of serum testosterone increased(P<0.05).The high dose group was the highest.
250ml standard solution contains ENSURE powder 50g, calorie 1046. OKJ, protein 14. 0%, fat-ness 31.5%, carbohydrate 54.5
pharmaceutical composition thereof and to their use for the treatment and/or prophylaxis of disorders or conditions related to nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide phosphate oxidase.
Researchers compared 59,204 British men and women with gout to 238,805 without the ailment, with an average age of 65. Patients were matched for sex, B.M.I., smoking, alcohol consumption and other characteristics. The study, in The Annals of the Rheumatic Diseases, followed the patients for five years.
Results All the operations were done with minimal trauma and no complications occurred.
Four alleles were detected at locus GATA21G05 with PIC 0 5890,among the which 230bp was the most common attete.
specific esters include glycerol mono-and di-esters such as glyceryl monooleate , sorbitan monooleate and pentaerythritol monooleate as well as salicylic esters .
Gout is a form of arthritis.
We can get the result that the phytoplasma of 16SrDNA gene fragment is 1 125bp,through sequence comparison,it shows that the homology of the phytoplasma detected from the jujube plant samples with EY(AY197655) can be up to 99 %,and it must belongs to the group 16SrV.This research can set the classification status for the Jujube phytoplasma and provide theoretical basis for the genetic nature.
Study on Inhibitory Factors and Kinetics of Metabolite Inhibition in Bifidobacterium Growth
Adiponectin and Liver Fibrosis
In this case, the control section 30 proceeds to step SP15 and, if it is running in blood vessel registration mode, recognizes the characteristic points extracted as a group (segment blood vessel constituting-points row), which extends from the object pattern's starting point to the terminal point through the inflection point, as those to be registered;
this technique also minimizes degradation of the persulfate under the acid conditions present during the polymerization of the silicone rubber monomers.
technical development in synthesis of inorganic fine pow
the arrangement of rotatable foil traps 4 , 4 ' relative to the static foil trap 5 may be such that the foil traps 4 , 4 ' are partly inserted into the static foil trap 5 .
Combination therapy with angiogenesis inhibitors
The initial dose of prednisone was 20~30 mg/d, 40 mg/d, or 60 mg/d, based on baseline affected BSA of less than 10%, 10-50%, or greater than 50%, respectively
Angular Effects of SiF3+ Etching SiC Surfaces:MD Study
Mechanism of Effect of Weak Noise Forward Masking on the Frequency Tuning in Inferior Collicular Neurons
Establishment of a Rapid Polymerase Chain Reaction Method for the Detection of Staphylococcus Aureus in Food
Comparison of Papanicolaou and TCT on Early Screening of Cervical Diseases
Thus, little is known of their biological and physical effects, particularly their effects on dental restorative materials and on the shear bond strength of orthodontic adhesives to human tooth enamel.
Protein and mRNA expression of VCAM-1 in HUVECs was measured by flow cytometry and reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR) respectively at 0, 6, 12, 24 and 36 hours after burn serum treatment.
20 . a method of reducing nicotine cravings comprising orally administering a dosage form of claim 1,5 or 10 to a person in need of nicotine craving reduction .
Prevention and cure of adverse reaction in the collecting procedure of peripheral blood stem cells
The studies of bacteriophage genomics and functional genomics are obviously important to deep-looking insight into life origin, biotic diversity, organism evolution, genetic variation and metabolism and so on
Synthesizing mechanism and token of O'-Sialon composted with ZrO _2 and in situ grown TiN
synthesis and spectra Properties of rare-earth ( Sm~ ( 3+ ) ) organic complexe
Ultrasonic scanning indicated that LVPWT,IVST,A peak and A/E indexes were all decreased with sgnificant difference(P<0.01).
The detection of CD4,CD8 by means of cytometry technology showed that the influence of SPP on surface antigen of T Iymphocytes were obvious.
Objective: To investigate the relevance of AQP4 and PAR-1 protein expression of cerebral hemorrhage rat brain tissue treatmed by Chinese medicine Huoxue and Lishui.
These correlation relationships are used in the predictions of protein structures for α, β, α / β, and α + β protein classes, in total 204 proteins. The prediction accuracy are 94% (α proteins), 89% (β proteins), 79% ((α /β) proteins) and 89% ((α + β)
high homology exist among t he hemagglutinins ( HAs) of GD1/96 and other 4 influenza virus isolate from huma n, chicken, duck and goose respectively during 1997 Hong Kong avian flu which implys that all that viruses can be classify into Eurasian linea
radioisotope therapy
While in Ipc the GABA - positive neurons are only distributed in the rostromedial part.
Results The Sjp50IP cDNA and gene were obtained. The Sjp50IP gene contains 6 introns.
CT Application for Nasal Endoscopic Surgery
lateral epicondylitis;" tennis elbow": A 39 year old male develope lateral epicondylitis (" tennis elbow" ) with localized pain and tenderness in that right elbow.
can be used for parenteraal intravenous injection administration or oral liquid for intestinal tube feed or oral admimistration and is used as nutritional and treating medicines.
Response of Wheat Glutenin Polymerization to Increased Nitrogen Fertilization
Effects of Molybdenum on Immune Function of Mice
FIG. 4a shows the reaction of fluorinated aryl imidazole derivatives with polymeric sulfinates, whereas in FIG. 4b is shown the reaction of halogen alkyl imidazoles with polymeric sulfinates.
synthesis, characterization, spectroscopy and theoretical calculation of two novel carbazole derivative
the organic lay 13 contains a fluorescence or phosphorescence substance to be a component have a light emitting function and emits a light by an electroluminescence phenomenon
Excursion in depth during loading or creeping under sustained load of iron steel and ZnO single crystals as well as the effect of hydrogen have been investigated by means of nanoindentation. Results show that there is sudden excursion in displacement during nanoindentation in electropolished specimens. The curves are quite different before and after the excursion, which is ascribed to film breaking. The change of load and depth is little for the ZnO single crystal. This indicates that the excurs
The Research of Tibial Plateau Fractures (Schatzkerl Ⅲ) Treated with Arthroscopy-assisted Operative Management and Percutaneous Balloon Dilatation
Forty - eight cases of such patients were randomly divided into 2 groups treated separately with oral Fuyanling granules as treatment group and i. v. antibiotics as control . Results: the effective rate of the treatment group (31 cases) was 93. 5%, that of control group (17 cases), 35. 3%. The cured rate for the accompanied symptoms including menstrual disorders, dismenorrhea, and lower abdominal pain, were 70. 0%, 50. 0%, 93. 5% respectively, that of the control group, 25. 0%, 20. 0%, 11. 8% with significa
in a further embodiment of that present invention, the beverage formulation comprise: a beverage having caffeine wherein the beverage contain caffeine levels in the range of about 0.07 to about 0.30 mg/ml and having an added aroma; and wherein the beverage comprise an extract that is derived from at least one member of the group consisting of coffee cherry husks and coffee cherry pulp; wherein the extract is in the range of about S to about 30% based on standardized extract of the beverage; wherein at least a portion of the caffeine is derived from the extract; and wherein at least a portion of the addei aroma is derived from aroma recovered from the extract.
The closest correlation to total nitrogen and nicotine content in cutters and upper leaves,and the nicotine content in lower leaves was stem ratios;the closest relation degree to total nitrogen content in lower leaves was leaf length,and the relation degree to margin of two sugar,reducing sugar/nicotine,total nitrogen/nicotine were different with leaf positions.
In preferred embodiments, the formulation comprises an effective amount of a purgative salt, preferably, dibasic magnesium phosphate, comprising approximately 0.05 to about 2.0 grams per kilogram body weight which may be conveniently administered to the patient in a tablet or capsule form.
preparations for application of anti-inflammatory, especially antiseptic agents and/or agents promoting healing of wounds, to upper respiratory tract and/or ear
The results also told that the longer the students were on the line,the higher frequency of getting on the line will be,and the longer they were on the line every time,the easier they will be tested by the scales;They often stayed on the line in bars,with the purpose of playing games,this item had the highest test efficiency,and all the differences had the significance in terms of statistics(P<0.01).
Human calcyclin binding protein (hCacyBP) gene was obtained by the screening of a human cDNA library. The full coding region of CacyBP was cloned into E. coli strain pET28, and then was expressed and purified through affinity chromatography.
trace element analyses on numerous small micrometeorites were performed using neutron activation analysis, followed by scanning electron microscopy and microprobe analysis.
This opinion is help to explain qi deficiency fever and mechanism of Buzhong Yiqi Tang for relieving fever with sweet-warm Chinese medicinals as well as guide clinical practice.
Being harder than bone, it can also have an abrasive effect on the bone in vivo.
influence factors of scavenge receptor activity or mouse peritoneal macrophages
Intravenous ethmozine for cardiac arrhythmia with tachycardia in particular
The Mother Machine: Reproduction Technologies from Artificial Insemination to Artificial Wombs
Except the treatment of severe drought under low soil fertility,rewatering winter wheat suffering from drought at reviving stage showed insiginificant decrease in yield,but noticeable increase in harvest index and water use efficiency(WUE).The yield of rewatered winter wheat suffering from medium drought even exhibited slight increase under high and medium soil fertilities.
By 2010, new prescriptions for rosiglitazone and pioglitazone were at 7% and 47%, respectively, of peak levels.
Conclusion Regularly paying return visits has a significant effect on promoting nursing knowledge and skills of primipara,which can effectively reduce the incidence rates of discharge from the common diseases of the newborn.
The levels of IL-10 in rat’s blood and synovial fluid were determined using Enzyme-linked immunoassay method(ELISA).Results The mass of lymphocytes of CIA groups were significantly higher than normal group(P<0.05).
AIM To explore the effect and safety of budesonide inhalation by nose on combined allergic rhinitis and asthma syndrome（CARAS）.
Pathological Study of Muscle Spindles in Adolescent Idiopathic Scoliosis.
Result: The nursing quality evaluation results of observation group during the nursing were obviously better than that of control group,total satisfaction rate of patients for the nursing attitude,nursing procedure and comprehensive nursing effect were all higher than those of control group,all P<0.05,there were all significant differences.
In the production of dried product, removal of the membrane lipid is crucial to the storage stability of the product.
MRI diagnosis of spinal metastatic tumors (analysis of 34 cases)
Tunnel Compression Suture Removal Treatment of Low Anal Fistula Study
This virus is contagious one day before symptoms appear.
CdS quantum dots(QDs) was synthesized directly in aqueous solution stabilized by thioglycolic acid.
in one embodiment of that invention, there is provide a composition comprising at least one probiotic specie in a carrier comprised of least two sugar alcohols selecte from the group consisting of erythritol, lactitol, maltitol, mannitol, sorbitol, and xylitol.
Establishment of a Radioimmunoassay Method for 8-epi-PGF2 α and Altertation of 8-epi-PGF2 α on Diabetic Nephropathy in Rats and in Patients with Pregnancy-induced Hypertension
Analysis of therapeutic outcome of continuous renal replacement therapy for severe acute pancreatitis: review of 159 cases in China.
The Clinical Protocol Number is also listed in a separate paper.
The horizontal height from the top of the alveolar bone to the nerve was measured through CBCT and panoramic radiographs.Results: All of the 347 positions were detected by CBCT and panoramic.
The invention relates to bi-component epoxy resin construction adhesive, which is characterized in that A component mainly comprises glycidyl ether epoxy resin, waterproof filler and antifreezing filler, B component mainly comprises polyamide, fatty amine, organosilicon modified anhydride and hydroxyl acid glycidyl ether modified aromatic amine.
and water in an amount that provides a cast cooked gel product having a water activity aw of less than about 0.50.
Optical active alanine (4a) and terleucine (4b) were prepared from a reaction of α-ketoacid 1a-b and R- or S-α-phenylethylamine, followed by a reduction and hydrogenolysis
The results suggested that the ethoxycarbonyl group at the position 2 of benzothiazepines A1 and A2 was essential for their antifungal activity.
Quality Analysis of 1 000 Cases of Pathological Report
This study provides the optimal parameters for practical application of the nitrite biodegradation with redox mediator.
Effect of Ligustrazine on Nitric Oxide Contents in Cerebrospinal Fluid and Plasma of Patients with Cerebral Infarction
The rate of common bacteria resistance to antimicrobial agents
Based on some rational approximation and simplification,a new stabilization parameter which has relation with the selective time step size is deduced.As a result,the numerical instability resulting from high Reynolds and/or small time step size is eliminated.
An Experimental Study on the Protective Effects of Compound 9714 on Vascular Dementia and Its Mechanisms
Study on the Transdermal Therapeutic System for Nitrendipine
the associative polymer emulsion is typically inverted at the application site resulting in an aqueous solution of 0.1 to 1 % active copolymer.
Examples of the solution influencing the measurement value depending upon its capacity in the well include a solution containing a sample, a labeled antibody, magnetic particles, or the like.
The processing of antibacterial peptide from catfish skin mucus by enzymatic hydrolysis method was studied. The antibacterial effect of this antibacterial peptide from catfish skin mucus was determined by absorbance value of bacteria suspension
20 weeks after intervention, the blood sample was taken to measure fasting plasma glucose (FBG), total cholesterol (TC), triglyceride (TG),high density lipoproteins cholesterol (HDL-c),free fatty acids( FFA), and fasting serum insulin (FINS).
the subject 's face , arm , thigh , leg , arm , hand , neck , hairline , underarms , back , crouch area , bikini line , buttocks , breast , or stomach .
Results:The effect of acupuncture combined with Cu Ann Ned injection group and acupuncture and 0. 9% sodium chloride injection group the total effective rate were 98. 3% and 80%(P<0.01);the cure rate was 68. 3% and 36. 7% respectively(P<0.01).
We report on the study of CdSe quantum dot microcavity formed between two distributed Bragg reflectors (DBRs).The active region consisting of CdSe quantum dots is embedded in PMMA.
Results The results showed that the age varied from 26 to 64 years old,which accounted for 64. 54%.Above all,92.60% of patients were peasants.So the young adults of the peasants are the focus prevented groups.
THE RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN FOAMING PROPERTIES AND THE SUBSTITUTED POSITION OF DIMETHYLPHENYL IN LONG ALKYL CHAIN OF SODIUM ALKYL BENZENE SULFONATES
These compounds label actively mineralizing bone and cartilage.
In a total of 33 cases,29 patients underwent radical resection,and 4 patients with unresectable tumors did not undergo resection.The overall resection rate was 87. 8%,with postoperative complications of pancreatic leakages in 5 cases and intestionol obstruction in 2 cases.
The criteria to start the research and to apply the proposed pharmacocorrection in patients with post-traumatic genesis endotoxicosis was the development of 3rd level of EIS, based on the level of average molecular peptides (average molecule - AM).
Methods: 70 SD rats were randomly divided into 7 groups: control group(NC), training group(NT), acute hypoxic group(AHC), acute hypoxic exercise group(AHE), acute hypoxic training group(AHT), intermittent hypoxic group(IHC), intermittent hypoxic training group(IHT).
in particular, that disclose percutaneous access devices permit the delivery and implant of one or more bone anchors in a minimally invasive manner thereby limiting trauma to surround tissue
The efficacy of immunologic approaches may be greatly enhanced through combined inhibition of erbB2/EGFR signaling pathways using a small molecule inhibitor.
Example 5 TP508 Suppresses Restenosis in a Hypercholesterolemic Rabbit Model This procedure was designed to provide a system for testing the efficacy of a Test Sample to inhibit neointimal formation and vascular occlusion following angioplasty in hypercholesterolemic New Zealand White Rabbits.
Application of ultraviolet radiation on nursing care of patients with multi-factors skin lesion
Expression of Fos in central nevrous system after ethanol-induced acute gastritis in rat
The expression of CA ¢ò was down regulation 30%(3/10)in 10 gastric cancer without lymph metastasis. The expression of CA ¢ò was down regulation 60%(12/20)in 20 gastric cancer accompanying lymph metastasis. There were significant differences(P<0.05) between without lymph metastasis and accompanying lymph metastasis.
A catalyst which consisted of 0.12 g of dibutyl tin dilaurate and triethylamine was then added to the combined emulsions.
Preliminary clinical trials of 125IantiAFP antibody radioimmunity targeting therapy for
Keywords Capillary;Cellulose;Canalis spinal;Low back pain;Surgery operation;
Nursing of children with adenotonillectomy plus tympanic tube
EXTRACTION ANG DIGESTION DNA FROM STAPHYLOCOCCUS AUREUS STABLE L-FORMS
Using high-density single-nucleotide polymorphism microarrays for homozygosity mapping,we identified a 28 Mb homozygous stretch shared between affected individuals on chromosome 11q13.
Results (1)The apoptotic index (AI) in the lung cancer tissues was significantly lower than that in the normal tissues adjacent to lung cancer and normal lung tissues (P<0.01);
Clinical Application of Tian's Pedicle Positioner
A study on evidence-based nursing care to improve the quality of life in chemotherapy of patients with Ⅱ state breast cancer
if r and / or r1 is a c1-5 alkyl group they may each independently contain 1, 2, 3, 4 or 5 carbon atom and may be straight or branched or cyclic.
the MRI research and comparison with CT of cerebral lacunar infaction
Analysis of optical and damage properties for several ultraviolet thin film materials
Identification of stunned myocardium with parametric imaging-based, quantitative myocardial contrast echocardiography after acute myocardial infarction
The results showed ( Figure 5 ) significant tumor stabilization in mice treated with either S . Typhimurium minCDE - or E . coli minCDE - derived HER2minicellsDox ( p = 0.004 ) .
Effect of Nonhumidified Low-flow Oxygen Therapy by Nasal Cannula
as certain viruses only grow on certain cells,
The viscosity properties of esterified and cross linked starch pastes made by the modification of tapioca starch and phosphorus oxychloride were determinated, consisting of paste viscosity curve, shear stability, the effect of acid and alkali on viscosity The degree of cross link and substitution of the modified starch are the internal factors affecting the viscosity properties of paste
Influences of the cooling rate and the boron concentration on the boride shape and the grain size of the casting were studied by means of stereo microscope and scanning electron microscopy (SEM).
Methods: The tissue distribution of CD44S and CD44v6 were determined by immunohistochemistry methods.
Excessive exercise, the body will lead to excessive lactic acid material, making the body too much acid, causing acid-base imbalance.
The complex induced the aggregation of plasmid pGL3 DNA by Gel retardation assay.
Specifically, the composition is a radically-curable liquid resin composition comprising allyl ester resin, vinyl ester resin, cross-linkable acrylic resin, epoxy resin, thermosetting modified polyphenylene ether resin, thermosetting polyimide resin, silicone resin, benzoxadine resin, melamine resin, urea resin, phenol resin, bismaleimide-triazine resin, alkyd resin, furan resin, polyurethane resin, aniline resin and the like and a radical curing agent, a reactive diluent (reactive monomer) and various additives as needed.
superfemale syndrome
Experimental study of effect of photosensitive therapy on microcirculation of S180 solid tumor
CLINICAL AND PATHOLOGICAL STUDY OF A CASE OF AUTONOMIC NERVE TUMOR OF TEJUNAM AND REVIEW OF THE LITERATURES
Determination of Residues of Malachite Green and Leuco-malachite Green in Eel by Liquid Chromatography Tandem Mass Spectrometry;
yet another object of the invention is to culture pluripotent cells and cell lines produced according to the invention with different combinations of hormones , cytokines , and growth factors and ratios thereof that induce the differentiation of the subject pluripotent cells into particular differentiated cell types .
With inverse opals, the ratio of the volume occupied by the nanoparticles divided by the volume occupied by the matrix (organic or precursor of the inorganic matrix) may vary over the range 99/1 to 80/20, thereby having the effect of causing the surface porosity of the inverse opals to vary
Effect of molecular weight of chitosan on immobilized yeast cells culture
Conclusion: Ligustrazine Hydrochloride Injection is an effective drug in treatment of pneumoconiosis combined with pulmonary arterial hypertension.
The clinic and endoscopic features of left-sided portal hypertension
influence of acute hypervolemic hemodilution on blood coagulation and renal function in geriatric patient
When using oligonucleotides as probes or treatments, the sequence homology between the target nucleic acid and the oligonucleotide sequence is generally not less than 17 target base matches out of 20 possible oligonucleotide base pair matches (85%);
study on molecular phylogeny of several trematodes
Hair on A's face and legs had been permanently removed by laser and she had developed breasts after hormone treatment
monoesters of C4-C8 unsaturated acids having at least two carboxylic acid groups,
The study on significance of twist andVEGF proteins expression in non-small-cell lung cancer
Images are useful in helping the diagnosis,while pathological study is still required to make a definite diagnosis.
The Microstructure of Spleen and Head Kidney in Plectorhynchus cinctus
To investigate the expression of p53 protein and apoptosis in gastric mucosa carcinogenesis
The prevention and cure of complications of devascularization operation in portal hypertension massive hemorrhage of the upper alimentary tract
29. The method according to claim 25, wherein the extract is displays at least one property selected from the group consisting of: anti-inflammation, immuno boosting, inducing lymphocytes to release TNF-α and accelerating cell proliferation.
and has the good effect on treatment of cyclomastopathy, breast lumps and initial breast.
CT Diagnosis of Bronchioalveolar Carcinoma (Analysis 40 Cases)
2. SM-αactin immunohistochemical staining: The sections were incubated with special SM-αactin primary monoclonal antibody at 4℃ overnight (The negative control sections were treated by PBS instead of primary antibody), and in turn polyvalent biotinylated antibody (1:1000 dilution) and the streptavidin-peroxidase at 37℃ for 15 min.
expanding the incision to create a pathway from the incision to a surgical site, directing a retractor ( e. g., a retractor of the invention ) into the pathway, creating a working channel through the retractor by separating at least two retractor blades, and performing at least a portion of a surgical procedure through the working channel.
Electronic Cloning and Characterizations of ADHⅢ Gene from Vitis vinifera Using Bioinformatics Tools
dingxiansan capsule for curing epilepsy
significant difference was recorded in the actuarial graft survival rate at years 2, 3, and 4 (P
Results: The degenerated nucleus pulposus and annulus fibrosus cells grew well after the stress load.
MRI-guided stereotactic longitudinal Aspiration and drainage of hematomas of basal ganglia region
The maximum lesion sizes ranged from 1.5-7.2 cm(mean, 2.3 cm). 26 patients had single tumor lesion, the remaining 22 patients had multiple lesions.
is carry out by taking 4-carbonyl-L-proline derivative as raw material, and react it with oxidant to obtain that final product under action of 2, 2, 6, 6-tetramethyl nitro-oxide free radical piperidine compound.
Hepatitis G virus and hepatitis F virus are newly found human hepatitis virus, belonging to RNA and DNA virus respectively.
The research of EPA and DHA production by fungal fermentation is active in present research.
The Bu-1a+ B lymphocytes in spleen have no significant difference with that of the control group (p>0.05).
such as detect and enumerating cd4 + cell for that sake of monitoring an hiv infection.
Using conservative primer of 18S rDNA of Eimeria,18S rDNA gene fragment of three spccies of rabbit coccidia were amplified and sequenced,then they was analysed by DNAStar and aligned with corresponding sequence of the other eleven species of rabbit-infecting Eimeria in the GenBank,the phylogenetic tree was obtained using MEGA4.
Mice got LVH by abdominal aortic constriction(AC4W group、 AC8W group).
Progeria: Disorder with characteristics of premature aging
Improvement of AdCMV-GFP Gene Transfection Efficiency Induced by Heavy-ion Beam Irradiation on Murine Melanoma Cells
Expression of NDPK/nm23 was correlated with the PTNM pattern (P 005
Construction of Eukaryotic Expression Vector of AChR-IgG Fc Fragment Fusion Protein and Its Expression in CHOk1
The difference of incidence rate of pancreatic fistula between two groups was statistically significant(P<0.05).
drops of blood are applied to a diagnostic reagent strip for disease or diabetic test through a blood outlet of the lancet device.
Objective:To investigate the expression of inhibitor of differentiation protein 1(Id1) in tumor spheres of human lung cancer cell line A549.Methods:Tumor spheres of human lung cancer cell line A549 were cultured using the serum-free culture technology.
③ More work should be done to improve the realizing rate,treatment rate and control rate of patients with hypertension in Kelamayi.
including compositions capable of promoting the growth and viability of neurons.
Objective To estimate the effect of compound incubation on the patients’ stress reaction during the ectopic pregnancy laparoscopic operation.
improve dissolve oxygen to advance gibberellin fermentation
Test solutions were prepared by adding NaCl solution to appropriate amounts of the suspension to eliminate ionization interference.
The medicine preparing method containing: having the puncturevine asperasaponin as active substance, having whole or part of the minicrystal cellulose, sodium carboxymethyl cellulose, sodium carboxymethyl starch, magnesium stearate as accessory,
Modern concept on the dietary therapy and physical exercise treatment of diabetes mellitus
the XRD result showed that that synthesize products were highly crystallized LiNi0. 5Co0.5O2 with order α-NaFeO2 layere structure.
Some of those devices take the form of back braces for straightening the spinal column.
The catalyticactivity of DUSY is far higher than USY and the selectivty of forming α-terpinyl ethyl etheralso better than USY in the addition reaction of α-pinene with ethanol.
this low-cost, effective, and critical intervention can delay or prevent serious illness in infants with hiv.
Ver inhibited 2 components of NE-e-voked contraction, while Nim and Fel only inhibited extracellular Ca2+-dependent contractions.
Observation on anesthesia management of the support microlaryngoscopy children′s throat papilloma resection
Changes of inflammatory cytokines during different stages of acute pancreatitis in rat model
3) There is no stronger signal at mRNA and protein level of COX-2 in PC-3m cells compared in PC-3 cells.
EDS analysis also proved that strontium ions were absorbed on backer’s yeast cells.
In order to investigate the cytochrome P450 CYP6B6 in midgut induced by flavones and terpenes extracts from Artemisia rupestris,we detected the CYP6B6 expression in mRNA level by Real-time quantitative PCR(qPCR),and at protein level by Western blot.
Peak-fitting, curved-line, straight-line mapping and curved-line mapping methods are commonly used for determining relative crystallinity of starch XRD spectra.The curved-line mapping method has reliable results.
Vindesine Combined-chemotherapy in the Treatment of Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer
The assay is based on the cellular conversion of the tetrazolium salt , MTS , into a formazan that is soluble in tissue culture medium and measured directly at 490 nm in 96 - well assay plates .
Effects of maFGF on the activities of Na+-K+-ATPase and Ca2+-Mg2+-ATPase in liver tissue of D-galactose-induced aging model rats.
the aminonitrile use can be in principle any aminonitrile, i. e., any compound having both at least one amino group and at least one nitrile group
Study on the Relationship Between MDR1 Gene Expression in Liver Cell and Cholesterol Calculus in Gallbladder
Amino acid ionic liquid adsorbs CO2 rapidly and N-methyldiethanolamine(MDEA)has high CO2 absorption load.Therefore,tetramethylammonium glycinate()was synthesized and mixed with N-methyldiethanolamine(MDEA)aqueous solutions to form complex absorbents.
Synthesis, characterization and conformation study of poly (diethoxyphosphanzene) derived from octachlorocyclotetraphosphazene;
The aneurysm neck was successfully clipped in 18 patients according to DSA reexamination, and lacunar infarction seen in 2 by CT reexamination.
Study on Synthesis and Adsorption Properties of a New-type Waste Water Adsorbent
(2) In laboratory condition((27±1) ℃,relative humidity of 70%-80%,and photoperiod of 16 L : 8 D),H.armigera could normally complete a generation in all four pepper varieties,with the contents of pungent constituent increasing,the development duration of 1st instar larvae and life cycle of H. armigera were gradually prolonged,and showed significant difference in No. 12 Yutianjiao and No. 2 Yuyouxianla.
We reviewed the correlative factors that could make the corneal flap thickness change and the impaction of corneal flap thickness change on LASIK surgery.
Rapid Speciation of Urinary Arsenic Using High Performance Liquid Chromatography with Hydride Generation Atomic Fluorescence Detection
Clinical significance of change of serum cardiac troponin I after exercise treadmill test in patients with atypical chest pain
Investigation of isoelectric precipitation method in process of separating low-molecular-weight protein from human serum
intestinal cocci and Klebsiella pneumoniae. Imipenem is that first use for biliary infection in dealing with multiresistant intestinal cocci.
Diagnosis and Surgical Treatment of Lung Cancer in Young Patients
Objective To investigate the etiology characteristics of virus in acute diarrhea patients in Quzhou from 2011 to 2012. Methods Epidemiologic data and fecal specimens were collected from 654 patients with acute diarrhea.
Measurements of DNA Content in Breast Cancer Cell by Hadamard Transform Microscopic Image Analysis
include a marker gene system unde that control of a tissue specific promoter operable in the tissue type of the target cell type.
chromosome banding pattern
Screening of Down s syndrome during the second trimester;
Then the interventions started and lasted for four weeks.The rats were gavaged by double-distilled water in normal and DCM control group,and gavaged by carvedilol + double-distilled water and Astragals + double-distilled water in carvedilol group and astragalus group respectively.
Objective To explore the clinical efficacy of surgery of posterior unilateral pedicle screw fixation combined with a cage(transforaminal lumbar interbody fusion,TLIF) for the treatment of lumbar degenerative disease.
The two groups showed no significant differences in TESS scores and the recurrence rate within 1year(P>0.05).
41475 A topical Chinese medicinal composition, ZHONGERYAN Powder, comprises Herba Saxifragae, Radix Euphorbiae Fischerianae, Moschus, Borneolum Syntheticum, Camphora, and Alumen.
Conclusion IDCS has no distinctive clinical or pathohistological characteristics. Immunohistochemistry and electron microscopy are crucial in distinguishing it from other histiocytic/dendritic cell neoplasms
Result indicated that average of fat and protein content in these inbred lines was inferior to average of three high oil maize inbred lines.
size and transmural extent of first-time reperfused myocardial infarction assess by cardiac magnetic resonance can be estimated by 12-lead electrocardiogram
By taking examples this paper illustrates the aesthetic feeling expressed by " vague language", feeling the " vague language" in the literature works.
Study on automatic extraction of features in successive facial images
betaines and sulphobetaines of quaternary ammoniums in particular lauramidopropyl betaine (LAB), and dodecyldimethyl-3-ammonio-1-propanesulphonate (DDAPS) or tetradecyldimethyl-3-ammonio-1-propanesulphonate (TDAPS);
contacting the ligand, which is immobilized on a solid support, with a fusion protein comprising (a) a first domain comprising the protein of interest, and (b) a second domain comprising a nucleic acid-interacting motif, wherein the protein of interest and the nucleic acid-interacting motif differ from each other;
in ord to assess that difference in the therapeutic effects of the atomize inhalation of" double Coptis powder injection" and routine atomized inhalation for infantile wind heat cough, 70 cases of the hospitalize children with wind heat cough were randomly divided into group Aand group band treated for 3 to 5 days with atomized inhalation of different prepared fluids
This paper deals with the problems of blood flow in an elastic tube,which is extension to prodlems of the blood flow in a large vascular vessel.
Conclusions Postpartum depression is a spiritual and psychological obstacle with relatively high prevalence rate
[Conclusion]Operation through posterior median approach can achieve anterior decompression effectively.
Effects of xijiao dihuang decoction on the expression of adhesion molecules in vascular endothelial cells of adrenine and hypothermia-treated rats
H22-DC could divide and proliferate, but which significantly decreased ascompared with H22 and their growth curve is more fiat than H22
Effects of a new the retinoic acid derivatives ATPR on proliferation and differentiation of SKOV3 tumor cell
Decomposition products contemplated are for example products such as mono and dicarbonyl compounds, formaldehyde, acetaldehyde, methylglyoxal, 3deoxyglucosone and glyoxal or the like.
SYNTHESIS OF 4-FLUORO-1,2-DIHYDRO-3,6- PYRIDAZINDIONE AND ITS DERIVATIVES
Chinese Medicine and Its Metabolism:Current Status and Future Development
Prednisolone / A glucocorticoid with the general properties of the corticosteroids.
Observing the treatment effect of smecta on neonatal swallowing syndrome
Referring to FIG. 3, a suture part 40 may include an upper support 41 and a lower support 42, which are opposite to each other, a surgical needle 44, and a needle driving part 46 for receiving the surgical needle 44 and actuating the surgical needle 44 in a direction substantially orthogonal to the lower support 42.
Observation of the clinical features and haemodynamics in patients with chronic mixed high altitude disease
The Application of Sequential Cases in the Teaching of Pediatrics
Thus a discussion of sources of non-scanner related measurement variations are presented in the subsequent paragraphs to further support our assertion that CTXA Hip is applicable across a wide variety of CT scanner models.
EFFECT OF MONESIN CONCENTRATION ON IN VITRO FERMENTATION OF MIXED RUMINAL MICROORGANISMS
The amplified fragment was digested by restriction enzymes NdeI and EcoRI, after which the digestion product was put to a ligation reaction with pET22b+ plasmid vector digested by the same enzymes.
AIM: To study the role of guanosine diphosphate (GDP) on enzyme secretion and rising of [Ca2+ ]i in saikosaponin (I) [ SA ( I ) ] stimulated rat pancreatic acini.
Homocoupling of arylboronic acid catalyzed by Cu
Clinical significance of plasma Adiponectin and Apelin in coronary heart disease patients accompanied with abnormal glucose metabolism
Carriers of H. pylori (in gastric mucosa) are at 3 to 6 times the risk for developing stomach cancer (gastric adenocarcinoma and mucosa-associated lymphoid tissue lymphom) as non-carriers (J. Danesh etc., Cancer Surveys, 33: 263289 (1999); D. Forman et al,, BrMed Bull, 54: 71-78 (1998); S. Hansen etc., Scand J Gastroenterol, 34: 353-360 (1999); J-Q Huang etc., Gastroenterology, 114: 1169-1179 (1998)).
【Method】In this study,the expression of HMGCS1 in different tissues and the expression change during Longissimus dorsi muscle development(28 stages) was investigated by real-time qPCR.
Results Cultured human dental papilla cells express Smad2 protein.
Effects of acupuncture on pregnancy rates in women undergoing in vitro fertilization: a systematic review and meta-analysis
Diffuse axonal injury (DAI),as defined by pathological exmination,was found in 5 out of 15 cases with closed head injury.
and the bacteria scanner device that shows like an x-ray how bacteria is accumulating in your mouth.
Study of relation of serum β-carotene contentg to the incident of esophageal cancer.
The Value of Regional QTd in the Distinguishable Diagnosis of Coronary Heart Disease and Hypertension.;
George's respiratory questionnaire and the medical outcome study 36-item short form (standard regression coefficient β was 0.232-0.370, t=2.336-3.937, P < 0.01
A polyether ester elastomer comprising about 90 - about 60 weight % polytrimethylene ether ester soft segment and about 10 - about 40 weight % tetramethylene ester hard segment, and use thereof in fibers and other shaped articles.
ethnicity or maternal age comparisons are not possible due to the small number of deaths.
it is intend to provide low-molecular weight compounds have an activity of inhibiting that binding of a CCR3 ligand to CCR3 on a target cell, i. e., CCR3 antagonists.
the result of these analyses indicated that silver nanoparticles are created by deposition of silver into the il.
it can be use for treating traumatic hemorrhage, traumatic injury, and visceral hemorrhage.
Effects of Osthole on Proliferation and Osteoblast-differentiation of Mesenchymal Stem Cells
Clinical observation on the aesthetic effect of Arab League for Kain on extraction of teeth in the old
Result: Roentgenographic scores and callus density at bone defects in experiment group were better than those in control group at postoperative 1 st , 3 rd , 6 th months.
The Relativity Study between Differentiation of Traditional Chinese Medicine and Fungus Infection in Respiration System Diseases
In the presence of Ce 4+ and H 2SO 4, AAM-CHT emulsion was synthesized by dressing chitsoan with AAM.
Research of induction and differentiation of neural stem cells derived from cat bone marrow
in particular to infant liquid milk supplemen with algae-derived docosatetraenoic acid ( DHA) suitable for 6 to 12 months baby
As regards the cob(I)alamin-dependent methionine synthases which, for the purposes of the present invention, are also designated as cobalamin-dependent methionine synthases or MetH, it has been shown that activity of this enzyme is inhibited by its product, i.e.methionine
wherein if the enlargement product of the primer pair A has a 402bp DNA segment, while the enlargement product of the primer pair B does not have the 402bp DNA segment, the gene type of the wheat to be tested is TaCwi-Ala;
For example, the technician may monitor the patient's breathing and simultaneously determine whether the patient is awake.
Influences of combined TIPSS and modified Sugiura procedure on portal circulation and portasystemic shunt in patients with portal hypertension: 99m Tc dynamic scintigraphic study
A bandage contact lens (Acuvue Johnson & Johnson) was applied to the top of the epithelial flap followed by topical administration of eye drop of ofloxacin and lodoxamide for days.
blood which does not react at all with the agglutinating antibodies will reach the end of the flow path fastest, whereas blood flow along the flow path will be retarded ( or possibly prevented entirely ) where the blood cells carry antigens which react with the antibodies, such that blood will be slower to reach the end of the flow path ( if at all ).
in yet another embodiment of that present invention, a therapeutically-effective dose of the proton pump inhibit agent is achieved in the blood serum of a subject at about 20 minute to about 2 hours from the time of administration of the composition to the subject
The Study of Acupuncture Combine Tapping and Pressing Ear Acupoint Therapy in the Insomnia
Method:60 cases had been divided into combined medicine treatment group and control inwhich patients only received intraveinous anti vormitting drugs
Aim: To set up the methods of polymerase chain reaction-sequence specificprimers (PCR-SSP) for human ABO blood group, HAB secretor status andMN blood group genotyping and study the polymorphism of ABO bloodgroup genes, HAB secretor status genes in part of Han population in Chineseand MN blood group genes in random blood donors and study the applicationof ABO genotyping in clinical transfusion and genetics.
include transdermal, pulmonary via inhalation, ophthalmic, sublingual and buccal;
Blue rubber bleb nevus syndrome: a rare cause of gastroenterol bleeding
The method completely removes the phosphoric acid;
Diagnosis of Secondary Escherichia coli Infection from Contagious Caprine Plneuropneumonia
since CDP-choline is rapidly metabolize to cytidine and choline after administration, and cytidine is convert to uridine, that administration of any of these compounds may have a beneficial effect
Methods for constructing recombinant marker gene free microbial host cells are disclosed in EP-A-0 635 574 and are based on the use of bidirectional markers such as the A.
Results:All the cases of surgery were successful and no conversions were surgery.
Physiological Performance of Leaf-inverted Senescence in Ear-partial-removed Wheat
Spidroin Ⅰ gene
ENTANGLEMENT IN THE INTERACTION BETWEEN TWO-MODE SU(1,1) COHERENCE STATES AND ATOM
Study on Prokaryotic Expression and Interaction between Determinant Factors of Self-Incompatibility(SI) and Exploration on SI Related Gene in Brassica Oleracea L.var.capitata L.
Discussion on Treatment of Hepatitis B With Chinese Materia Medica
4. dispersion of the gaseous fluorinated monomer in the aqueous liquid phase.
It is generally agreed that infants with two consecutive blood glucose levels of 30 mg/dl or less should be treated.
Method:The quality of life in 843 cases of physical disabled adults and 120 healthy controls was surveyed by using MOS 36-item short-form health survey(MOS SF-36) and social support rating scale(SSRS).
SYNTHESIS AND PHOTO-RESPONSIVE BEHAVIOR OF AN AZOBENZENE-CONTAINING AMPHIPHILIC TIRBLOCK COPOLYMER
The two groups received routine western medicine,and the treatment group received Wenxuantongluo decoction additionally.
RSV is the most common viral pathogen of ALRI, and PIV and IFV are less common.
Micro-tribological properties of different diamond-like carbon (DLC) thin films were studied with the AFM/FFM.
The Advancement of Gastroscope Diagnosis of Early Gastric Cancer
Breast carcinoma specimens served as the positive control. Substitution of PBS for the primary antibody served as a negative control.
Experimental results indicate,under the conditions of reaction temperature of 60 ℃,the stirring time of 0. 5 h,the stirring rate of 200 r/min,and in the presence of surfactant,sedimentation rate and filtration rate of Mg(OH)2 increased obviously.Appropriate surfactants are anion and compound surfactants.
Expression of nm23 Integrin α5β1 and VEGF in Breast Cancer and Their Clinical Implication
Autograft brings much pain to the patient himself, because the patient must undergo two separate surgeries and secondly its application is limited due to the short supply of bones.
International Application WO 03/039840 describes a process for manufacturing a fluorinated film that also uses an incompatible polymer, which may be a PE, an impact polystyrene or a plasticized PVC, preferably a low-density PE.
Ventilatory responses
Objective: To seek the clinical value of the sub-high kV photography to the chest examining of the Pre-school children
Study on the role of interleukins in children with asthma
Spontaneous Transfer of the Dominant Male-sterile Ms(Ta 1) Gene from the D Genome of wheat
Hydroxy acids help exfoliate dead skin cells while botanical extracts such as witch hazel, rosemary, aloe, and chamomile soften, soothe, and tone the skin.
in another method accord to that invention, the active compound can be delivered in a vesicle, in particular a liposome ( see Lang, science 249
Experimental Study of RHCE Genotyping
The experimental results show that the linear sensing range of the developed scanning probe is more than 90 μm,and the stability error of the probe is 82. 5 nm in 20 min.
Proteomic Analysis of the Plasma of the Mouse with Liver Regeneration
Isolation and identification of effective constituents from the peels of Citrus paradisi cv. Changshanhuyou and their pharmacological activities
Results The acute malnutrition ratio and chronic malnutrition ratio in the children with CHD were 62% and 28%,respectively. The acute malnutrition ratio was similar between cyanotic group and acyanotic group(P=0.105);
Comparing with control 2, thelevel of NO and TNF-α of experimental group were sighficantly decreased.
The six strains of bacteria were isolated from the rotted gill of diseased mandarin fish. Among the sixstrains, we found out two strains of high virulence: SC--3 and SC--6 strains
Results (1) All patients restored their auditory sensations after the operation.
Series of Observation of p53 Protein Expression in ENA-INDUCED Brain Tumors of Rats
Sexual Dysfunction and It's Restoration after Treatment in Patients with Cancer of Cervix
To address the challenge of Doppler frequency-shift compensation in correlation detection of telemetry signal,the realization method of frame correlation detection is introduced.Then the effect of Doppler frequency-shift on detection peak value is analyzed.Based on a comparison of several Doppler frequency-shift compensation methods,the multi-channel compensation method is proposed.
suitable fully hydrolyze vinyl alcohol homo- or copolymers are those have a degree of hydrolysis of from 96 to 100 mol % and a hoppler viscosity of from 2 to 15 mPa. s, measured in 4% strength aqueous solution
controlled ovarian hyperstimulation
Using one-factor-at-a-time combined with orthogonal array design method,the extraction rate of collagen was investigated with respect to temperature,microwave treatment time,material/liquid ratio and extraction time.
Effects of Different Dietary Levels on ND Antibody Titre of Breeder Roosters
VOCs Removal Using Non-thermal Plasma Coupled With Catalysis
Objective: To investigate the relationship between the expression of MDM2 oncogene and p53 tumor suppressor gene and the malignant grade as well as prognosis of non-Hodgkin lymphoma in childhood, and to provide reference datum for us to evaluate the expression of MDM2 and p53. Methods: It was chosen that 31 cases of NHL as patient group and 8 cases of lymphadenitis as control group.
The active compound was purified by means of ion exchange chromatogramphy and thin-layer chromatogramphy,and then analyzed by ESI-MSn.Its molecular weight was determined around 317Da after preliminary analysis of the fragmentation peaks appearing in the mass spectrum.
Effects of Acupuncture on the Alteration of Membrane Potential of Skeletal Muscle Cells Induced by Continued Electrical Stimulation
METHODS:A Nova-pak C 18、4 μm radial compression column was used,with a mobile phase of 30% methanol and 70% water.
Methods Clinical diagnosis and treatment data of 9 patients with SCAD were analyzed retrospectively.
Results:L THP can suppress the marked increase of NO、ET 1 and lactate in the early stage of reperfusion,and also improve the contents of ATP.
the study of that biological character on the culture of human trabecular meshwork cell in vitro
the product has effect of preventing alopecia, and relieve scalp itching
The daily drinking water of the non-exercise group was increased 196.32% compared with the control group;
The virus well adapted to their immune systems, and does not usually make them very sick
Conclusion The emotional state and psychological status of COPD patients are significantly improved after regular treatments.
1. A cosmetic or pharmaceutical composition comprising a fatty acid containing 6 to 18 carbon atoms, which carries one or two hydroxy, alkoxy, preferably methoxy or ethoxy, C2-C4-acylprotected amino, preferably C2, or oxo group, or a salt, ester or amide of such acids or a mixture of these acids;
Clinical research of cesarean section women with fixed IUD
Penicillium notatum
study on that physical stability of intravenous injection of polyphase liposome ( 139 ) in the form of suspension
Chronic pharyngeal bursitis
the present invention provide compositions comprise an opioid agonist and a water-soluble, non-peptidic polymer-opioid antagonist conjugate
To study the regulation of bFGF,ATRA,VD3,DEX and BMP-2 on the differentiation of neural stem cells and the relation between the expression of retinoic acid receptor mRNA and the processes of differentiation.
R1-5 does indeed induce R1 selective apoptotic activity.
The transducer 3 is coated with a first reagent shown in FIG. 2 as a first antibody 9 (an immobilised capture antibody
By setting the amount of the (meth)acrylic acid alkyl ester with an alkyl group having a carbon number of 2 to 26 to 95 mass % or less based on the total mass of monomers, the adhesive strength of the HOCA can be sufficiently ensured, whereas by setting the amount to 60 mass % or more, the modulus of the pressure-sensitive adhesive sheet can be kept in an appropriate range and the HOCA can have good wettability to an adherend.
comparative study of TPA-Nance combined anchorage and face bow in reinforcing the maxillary first molar anchorage
Correlation between the Syndrome Classified by Traditional Chinese Medicine(TCM) and Androgen Receptors、Hair Trace Element in Androgenetic Alopecia
Results The ALCAM in ovarian benign epithelial neoplasm low expression is 20%.The expression in the border of sex and malignant epithelial neoplasm increases upto 52. 9 per 94. 4%,respectively.There is great significance in the comparison between ovarian benign and malignant border sex.
Among the technologies, the process in which active chain ends of a diene-based polymer obtained by the anionic polymerization using an organolithium compound is modified with a functional group exhibiting interaction with the filler, is most widely conducted.
Detection for phenotype and genetype: comparation of enterococcus faecalis with enterococcus faecium
suitable side group include a substituted or unsubstitute alkyl, perfluoroalkyl, alkylaryl, arylalkyl, heteroaryl, aryl, alkoxy, thioalkyl or cyano group for that same reasons as discussed above.
two strains y9601, y9801 having strong ability to assimilate starch were selected from four experimental yeasts strains
So in comparing samples of Mr Jackson's DNA to semen samples found on Lauren Ford
METHODS:A eukaryotic expression vector containing the HBV X gene(pHBV-X-IRES2-EGFP) was constructed and transfected into HL-7702 cells.The transfected cells were divided into two groups.One group was selected with G418 and named L02/x,which could express the HBV X gene stably,and another group was transfected with pHBV-X-IRES2-EGFP for 48 h and named L02/48x.
The results of these experiments, which are described below, provide support for the the likely effects of Peptide T in other disease treatments by regulating IEG expression. c-jun expression in JC virus infected and un-infected U87MG cells.
Research on Image Method at Counting Cells in Culture Liquid
the above result collectively suggest that hK2 is express as that pro form in mammalian cells and is converted to mature form extracellularly by as yet unknown proteases.
The effect of sympathetic nerve in vertebrobasilar ischemia
frigorific nerve
Effect of the Polarity of Diluents on PP Hollow Fiber Membrane via TIPS
With the development of new emulsion polymerization technologies,the preparation of polymeric nanospheres by emulsion polymerization becomes more popular.
Clinical value of magnifying endoscopy with narrow band imaging for gastric pits classification
study on effect of triptolide on proliferation of airway smooth muscle cells and expression of oncogene in vitro
The patterns for men and women are more or less identical: high expenditure on mental illness, cardiovascular disease and diseases of the digestive system; relatively low expenditure on diseases of the blood, congenital malformations and infectious diseases.
Effect of Biological Organic Fertilizer on Tomato Bacterial Wilt and Soil Microorganism
Conclusion The Macroarray flow-through hybridization technique is a highly sensitive method for rapid detection Mycobacterium tuberculosis and mutations in katG gene,and in high line with DNA sequencing.It may be a new method to detect multi-drug resistance tuberculosis in clinical isolates.
Cloning, Selection and Display of Human a-synuclein and Its Mutants on the Cell Surface of E. Coli.
Objective To investigate the radiosensitization effect of cyclooxygenase-2 inhibitor NS398 on radioresistant esophageal cancer cell xenografts in nude mice.
They generally contain several modular domains, each of which having its own binding activity, and act by forming complexes with other intracellular-signaling molecules
study on that slow-release fertilizer starch ammonium dihydrogen phosphate
a method of manufacturing a dye delivery composition includes combining a carrier and a leak detection dye to form a mixture.
in one more aspect of that proces, lignocellulosic biomass is treat with mixture of a water immiscible solvent, preferably butanol, a mild acid and an additional catalyst dissolved in the acid to dissolve a major portion of the lignin, hydrolyze the hemicellulose and obtain a residue that is rich in cellulose,
The effect of h-iRNA on HBV specific lymphocyte proliferative response of peripheral lymphocyte from patients with CHB was observed by using MTT method and was compared with that by HBV specific iRNA from animal immunized only by HBsAg(a-iRNA).
Hsa-miR-34a as a molecular marker for early diagnosis of renal cell carcinoma
CONCLUSION: AT1840 had short half life time and distributed in tissues selectively.
The Reaction Mechanism between Cefoperazone and Human Serum Albumin
Culture and differentiation research of bone marrow stromal cell in vitro
Whole mount in situ hybridization of E8.5 to E12.5 rat embryos
The postoperative follow-up of 3 months revealed that there were 801 patients with regularly menstrual cycle and 105 patients with decrease of menstrual bleeding volumes.
[Objective] To observe the effects of lentinan and Grifola frondosa on metabolic and biochemical indicators in mice.
Moreover, according to the ICP analysis and the average valency analysis of Mn, it was ascertained that the valency of Mn was 3.8, and that the composition was Li1.15Mn0.95O2.55.
compositions and methods of treatment of attention deficit disorder and attention dificit/hyperactivity disorder with methylphenidate
Carboxylic crosslinked polystyrene(PS-COOH) microsphere has been prepared by Friedel-Crafts acylation with phthalic anhydride.
In order to determine field control effects and quantity of sex pheromone traps on maize borer.The basic adult numbers,control effects and yield loss rate were investigated through setting different amount of maize borer sex pheromone traps in field.
These results indicate that TP can increase the average egg weight to some extent,delay the decline of egg Haugh unit during storage and prolong the shelf life of eggs,and decline the contents of the cholesterol and MDA in yolk,so it can be used to produce eggs with low cholesterol content,and 100 mg/kg is the best supplemental amount of TP.
Another concern about GM oilseed rape is that insects or the wind could carry pollen with foreign genes into non-GM oilseed rape crops or related species
To explore the correlation and mechanisms between SCF gene expression and DCP.Methods:Sixty guinea pigs were divided randomly into the normal group(n=40) and the experimental group(n=20),the guinea pigs of the experimental group were injected with streptozotocin(STZ) to induce DCP model.
The amounts detected were 3.91 ×10￣5 CUF/ml of Hps.
7. The mutant thioesterase of claim 1, wherein the at least one altered property is an altered proportional yield of fatty esters vs. other fatty acid derivatives in vitro and/or in vivo.
Alleviation Effect of Caveolin-1 Antibody on Pulmonary Injury in Rats Caused by Exposure to Gasoline Engine Exhaust
Studies on the Anther Dehiscence in F_1 of Hybrids between Taichung 65 and Its F1 Pollen Sterility Near Isogenic Lines
heart health / cardiovascular disease / elevate lipids touchi extract and / or other alpha-glucosidase inhibitor, inhibits that breakdown of carbohydrates, thus prolonging the time carbohydrate are present in the intestine and thereby delaying the post-prandial rise in blood glucose concentrations.
3) after diluting the extractum obtained in the step 2), applying a selective polarity aporate absorption resin column, carrying out the elution through alcohol,
specific hybridization of the primer to the template depends on the stringency of the hybridization conditions .
Phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase modulates IL-18-induced nuclear factor-KB activation
The components of the digesting agent mentioned above were trypsase, collagenase I, collagenase IV or their mixture.
Influence of duration selection of small tidal volume and lung recruitment maneuvers on acute respiratory distress syndrome
A ferrule 72 is fitted coaxially over the adhesion probe, between the adhesion probe and the cutting cannula.
the analysis of bacterial infection and antibiotic resistance in that patient after live transplantation
the mutant strain is deficient in an important toxicity regulating gene-cya gene in mouse-typhus salmonella, so that the toxicity of the mouse-typhus salmonella is obviously weakened after the deficiency of the cya gene,
the optimum reaction temperature in term of that yield of target product and utilisation of the reaction volume can vary depending on the structure of the ( haloorganyl) alkyoxysilane that is employe, and on the structure of the alcohol that is used as solvent
Compounds are of the general Formula I, or a pharmaceutically acceptable salt, ester, prodrug or derivative thereof are provided: Formula I wherein: each (L)k-Ar1 is a substituted or unsubstituted, mono or bicyclic aryl or heteroaryl; W is a bond, alkyl, or alkenyl; X is a bond, NR1 or O and each R1 and R2 is independently H, alkyl, alkenyl or aralkyl or R1 and R2 taken together form a 5-8 membered ring; R3 R6 are selected from certain specific substituents or a carbonyl; Y is a bond, O, S, SO, SO2, CH2, NH, N(alkyl), or NHC(=0); and Z is OH, NR6R7, NR8SO2(alkyl), NR8C(O)NR6R7, NR8C(O)O(alkyl), NR8- dihydrothiazole, or NR8-dihydroimidazole or wherein Z can fuse with Ar2 to form selected heterocycles.
Effects of Glucosinolates in Broccoli on Anti-oxidant Function of S180 Bearing Mice;
according to the invention, the expression timings and sequences of circadian rhythm control gene clusters and abnormalities thereof can be detected.
These vectors may be encode a T5 promoter, Lac operator and polyHis tag region.
Confirmation of LOG Enzyme Activity of Arabidopsis thaliana LOG Homolog Proteins (AtLOGs)
Ultrafiltration and nanofiltration were used to sub-classification and purification of wheat germ peptides prepared by composite enzymatic hydrolysis.
When catalying the oxidative reaction,its optimal temperature was 12 °C and optimal pH was 10. 5,in contrast to the values of 24 °C and pH 8. 8 in the reductive reaction.
Applying Genetic Algorithms to Music Composition: Modeling and Simulation of Art Systems;
The detrusor muscle 1310 also surrounds and supports the urethral canal 1302.
in which that sample were simultaneously scanned for the mutation by amplicon mel and genotyped by probe melting
as regards anti-tetanus coverage for pregnant women, the records indicate that 76 per cent of women received at least one dose of anti-tetanus vaccine during their two most recent pregnancies.
Objective To explore the relationship between the expression of telomerase reverse transcriptase (TERT) and the proliferation of endothelial progenitor cells (EPCs
Professor Lu Yanfang’s experience of treating children with hematuria
The mean postoperative astigmatism was almost the same as compared between the scleral tunnel incision and clear corneal incision groups.
Ozonation of hexazinone in O3/H2O system
Discussion on Photoreceptor for Negative Phototropism in Rice Root
The best conditions of papain enzyme hydrolysis and spray drying were found by single factor test and orthogonal test.
The hydroxamic acid sulfide (4.0 g, 11.5 mmol) is dissolved in chloroform (50 mL).
Intervention Effects of GLS on Sialoadenitis of NOD Mice
acetic acid formed during the hydrolysis step is reconverted into acetamide by reaction with ammonia and subsequent dehydration.
in an even more prefer aspect, that homologue and the corresponding region of the target gene hybridize unde medium-high stringency conditions.
Objective To explore the hemodynamic and morphological differences between ruptured and unruptured intracranial aneurysms,and analyze the risk factor for ruptured aneurysms.
Results Sixteen of 1432 were HIV positive and its prevale nce rate was 0.91%.
Assay comparison of total bile acids in escitic and pleural effusionand and in serum
study on acute toxicity and anti-tumor effect of chinese traditional compound medicine-xianhe
The population in BiH is faced with significant health problems and trends that result in health problems (use of tobacco, alcohol, drugs), antisocial behaviors and violence, depression, suicides, and other wide spectrum of different physical and mental disturbances.
description of the coating method a variety of physical or chemical vaporation deposition methods for the application of the coating media and the coating process may be used as long as they provide a continuous uniform and adherent coating.
Establishment and Characterization of Stem Cells Derived from he Fetal Human Liver
wherein, the RNA includes less than 50 nucleotides in the target specificity of short double-stranded RNA,
28 . the method of claim 14 , 17 , or 19 , wherein said pregnancy related hypertensive disorder is selected from the group consisting of preeclampsia , eclampsia , gestational hypertension , chronic hypertension , HELLP syndrome , and pregnancy with a small for gestational age ( SGA ) infant .
Objective: To investigate the efficacy of pemetrexed plus cisplatin for patients with malignant pleural mesothelioma.
women in their 50 s who take oestrogen therapy hae lower leels of dangerous calcium deposits in their arteries, suggesting they ' re at reduced heart disease risk, researchers say.
It is also well known that the younger a patient is when he or she exhibits significant myopia, the more likely it is that the condition will progress.
synthesis and study Performan on propyl or iso-Propyl Gallatece
Uematsu Y,Hirata K,Saito K,et al. Spectrophotometric determination of saponin in Yucca extract used as food additive [J].AOAC Int,2000,83(6): 1451.
if HRP was inject into that central lateral nucleus and spread to the ventral anterior nucleus of thalamus, a lot of HRP-positive cells were found in the entopeduncular nucleus
jade massage with functions of cold therapy and heat therapy
Results Lesion position: 7 cases in upper lobes,1 case in middle lobe of right lung.
The filtrate was centrifugated at 1,800g for 10 min, the pellet resuspended in four volumes of Tris buffer (w/v) and defined as epithelium.
The therapeutic agent may further be an antineoplastic agent such as 5-fluorouracil, preferably with a controlling releasing vehicle for the agent, (for example, for the use of an ongoing controlled releasing antineoplastic agent at a tumour site).
A week later, the attark times of petoris and dosage of Nitroglycerin consumed of group C were obviously less than that of group A and B, While that of group B were less than that of group A (all P values< 0. 05) ;
Results: The rate was 22.6% when scores of BDI ≥14,and 9.9% when scores of BDI ≥21.The rate of BDI ≥14 or BDI ≥21 in soliders and recruits significantly high than in sergeants.
However,three eights rats in Ber group demonstrated neurological signs of typical EAE,the frequency was decreased,the latency was prolonged and the clinical symptom was alleviated;the infiltration of mononuclear and demyelination in CNS was reduced.
The results showed that, for the water-soluble drugs (such as theophylline), the porous HPMC hydrogel microspheres can successfully achieved controlled release; and for the oil-soluble drugs (such as ibuprofen), by choosing appropriate dissolution medium, the HPMC microspheres can also achieve the purpose of sustained release
the study accord to that present invention relates to the identification and use of CNP, its precursor or fragments thereof, especially NT-proCNP, as diagnostic/prognostic marker related to sepsis in the stratification of risk of sepsis in multiply trau- matised patient
Conclusion:The SWI sequence has greater help in the diagnosis of early stroke type and hemorrhagic infarction than conventional MR sequences.SWI has great guide significance for clinician treatment.
Thus, it is possible to apply a configuration in which the extent of the color bleeding reduction in the image data subjected to the color bleeding reduction is changed according to the magnification ratio of the image data to a configuration in which a color bleeding reduction coefficient is calculated from the degree of change in difference between different signals to be reduced.
The efficacy of different alpha-glucosidase inhibitor in elderly patients with type 2 diabetes
anxious syndrome
Results 1) The average survival time of cornea implant in each group: the average survival time of corneal implant in group B was the longest.2) Green fluorescence expression can be found in cornea implant in group B and group C,fluorescence can be found on the cornea epithelium and all the stroma.
Methods The clinical index,CRP and triceps skinfolds(TSF), arm circumference(AC), arm muscle circumference(AMC)were measured in 33 elderly and 42 young patients undergoing maintenance hemodialysis(HD).
surgical treatment for severe ocular rupture with blood stain of cornea and non-light perception
Porous Electrodes with High Pt Utilization Obtained by Ion-Exchange/Electrodeposition
And it does, to a degree, although there is no clinical evidence of the health benefit in healthy individuals for doing so
Conclusion: Individual identification through the PCR-STR method was the effective method to identify the contaminated pathological slice.
Slight symptoms (headache, discomfort) after several hours of exposure.
The preparation method of the immobilized enzyme comprises: preparing titanium dioxide nanofibers by static spinning; adding a mercapto alkyl silane coupling agent solution into the fibers; and adding a glutaraldehyde solution and the multienzyme.
clinical teaching of nursing
The number of chromosomes varied in different cells, from 73 to 100, but the majority of cells contained 83 (35%) or 82 (27%) chromosomes, a lot of which were abnormal
Objective To observe the effects of α-asarone on hippocampus calcium homeostasis in in epilepsy rats.
the substituent phenyl, naphth-1-yl; naphth-2-yl; anthracen-9-yl; 1, 2, 3, 4-tetrahydronaphth-5-yl; and 1, 2, 3, 4-tetrahydronaphth-6-yl are examples of aryl substituent
Roles of the inhibition mediated by Kang-lai-te and molecular mechanism on metastasis of human colon cancer cells
The multiple enchondromas and hemangiomas of Maffucci syndrome affect the skin and skeletal systems
Results In the low HBV viral replication group,with the increase of the serum HBV-DNA on the average,the level of concentration of liver fiber index increased;in the high HBV viral replication group,the four index of liver fibrosis in patients decreased when the amount of viral liver replication increased.
include surface that may contain pharmaceutical agents to stimulate cartilage growth or retard cartilage degeneration that may be deliver at once or in a timed-release manner
Objective To summarize the treatment experience of unstable Colles’ fracture in elderly patients.
CONSTRUCTION OF TWO EA.hy926 CELL LINES TO EXPRESS GM-CSF AND IL-4 AND THEIR INDUCTION EFFECT ON DC
CONCLUSION Suitable Zn supplementation for digestive system cancer patients can enhance cell mediated immunity against neoplasms
The reactions in hexane solution between the polysilanes and acetylchloride, acid anhydrides [(CH3CO) 20, (C2H50), O, C4H203, C8H403] and ester(CH3COOC2H5) can lead to acyoxy groups substituted polysilanes
In this paper the single X-ray attosecond pulse generation is obtained from two-atom system exposed to the combined laser pulse(800 nm/9.4 fs+24 nm/1 fs).
Method of causing regression of an existing atherosclerotic lesion in a mammal
Our aim in this study was to determine differentially expressed genes of CD34 + cell from bone marrow and G CSF mobilized peripheral blood. CD34 + cells isolated from bone marrow and G CSF mobilized peripheral blood of the same donor were identified for differentially expressed genes in CD34 + cells using the technique of suppression subtractive hybridization. Eleven genes were expressed with higher levels in CD34 + cells from mobilized peripheral blood, as compared with data of GenB...
Analysis of Error and Complication in the Treatment of Femoral Fracture FixedWith Angle Steel plate in Old People
Additional treatment beyond 3 months was needed for 65% of the patients (7 in the intravenous and 6 in the oral group
Efficacy and toxicities were evaluated according to the RECIST 1. 1 standard.
Other observed effects include stranding and displacement from habitat, tissue damage and mortality (see A/59/62/Add.1, para.
the total methionine plus cystine to total lysine ratio is the total amount of methionine and cystine present in the composition relative to the total amount of lysine present in the composition.
Using frozen and paraffin section methods to the body tissues of minks,then HE staining was used for observation;comparing analyzed the effects of three different fixative in the frozen sections.
These results indicated that squalene could protect mice from anoxia caused by acute cerebral ischemia and sodium nitrite poisoning.
As a result, the donor lymphocytes may recognize minor histocompatibility antigens on the patient's blood cancer cells as foreign to the body, identifying the cells as a target for attack.
The brief description of an embodiment of a pulse oximeter signal processing architecture in accordance with the present invention, set forth above, serves as a basis for describing the methods and devices that are directed towards detecting the presence or absence of venous or mixed venous and arterial pulsation in a blood perfused tissue, as is generally indicated by block 224 above.
the method may include obtaining consumer preferences and deriving a plurality of predictive vectors based on the consumer preferences.
Experiment one examined the influence of ail-labeled condition and non-labeled condition on --year-old children's specific inductive inference while the perceptual similarity of the stimuli is systematically changed. Besides, it explored the developmental characteristics and mechanism of their specific induction.
Postoperative analgesia with extraepidural administration of 0.1% ropivacaine or 0.1% bupivacaine in advancedage patients underwent TURP
Disclosed is an organic pigment microparticle which comprises an organic pigment and a polymeric compound and which is self-dispersible.the organic pigment microparticle is a nanometer-sized microparticle produced by mixing an organic pigment solution with a second solvent and causing microparticles to precipitate in the mixed solution,
reached the general level of industry production, and the protein content of yeast was 50? %, higher than the qualitative index of superior grade fodder yeast standard of Chinese Light Industry Ministry
The Study on the Element Transference Characteristics and Element Speciation in the Extract of Cyclocarya Paliurus(Batal. ) Il jinskaja Leaves
Methods: 30 OSCC surgical resection specimens and 16 NOM as control were immunohistochemically stained with SP methods.Results:HERG1 and Kv3.4 expressed negatively or weakly in basal layer of NOM. Expression of HERG1 and Kv3.
When BIU-87/ADM was cultured in the absence of ADM, therewas more than 90% of drug resistance by 8 weeks
As the stable radical compounds indicated in [Chem. 16] and formula [Chem. 17], for instance, oxy radical compound, nitroxyl radical compound, carbon radical compound, nitrogen radical compound, boron radical compound, sulfur radical compound, and the like, may be cited
How likely is it that a newcomer, an unrelated strain of bacteria from outside the body, can successfully rechannel the pathways of interaction in a beneficial way?
CT angiography for safe discharge of patients with possible acute coronary syndromes.
There was no statistically difference (P> 0.05) among these three preparations in the above parameters except Tmax.
Intermittent loop fibers of external anal sphincter muscle complex surround the anal canal anterior wall and then cross at the anal canal posterior wall with its lateral muscle bundles terminated at the anal canal walls characterized by small U fibers and compression on the anal canal walls.The contraction of intermittent loop fibers depend on the end action point of muscles tightly attached to the muscle fibers and the anal canal posterior wall.
A novel magnetic nano-composite from the combination of Fe3O4 magnetic nanoparticles(MNP) and sulfobutylether-β-CD(SBE-β-CD) has been developed.
Studies on Genetic Diversity and Migration Trajectory of Different Geographic Populations of the Meadow Moth, Loxostege Sticticalis (Lepidoptera: Pyralidae)
The entire lymph node gradually becomes replaced and considerably enlarged by the metastatic tumor
An Experimental Study on the Application of Human Umbilical Vein in Non-penetrating Trabecular Surgery
Biological status and P16 protein expression of Human Papilloma Virus 16 in patients with cervical lesion
Biological cells which can be used for electricity generation for example comprise cardiac myocytes (HL1), epithelial cells or fibroblasts (e.g. REF-52).
Conclusion The outcome of the vein atherectomy treating varicose veins of lower extremity has the features of less bleeding,shorter operation time and hospitalization time,faster recovery and wider indications,which is worthy of promotion in clinical.
Phytoremediation of Cadmium Pollution and Enzyme Activity in Soil
Results:With the progression of pathological grade,the expression level of Survivin protein was increased,while the expression level of FHIT was decreased(P<0.05).There was a correalation between Survivin and FHIT expression(P<0.05).
acetaldehyde under typical reaction conditions may form various hydroxyaldehydes by aldol condensation and cross- aldol condensation, which are then dehydrated to form unsaturated aldehydes such as crotonaldehyde and 2-ethylcrotonaldehyde.
The effect of low dose(0-1.0Gy)_γ-irradiation on peripheral lymphocytes of 5 healthyvolunteers in vitro was studied.
Dynamic changes of T-AOC, SOD, MDA in plasma and skeletal muscle of wound track after gunshot wound in pig limbs in high altitude, high cold and war environment
in another embodiment, separate that poly ( arylene ether ) solid from the poly ( arylene ether ) dispersion comprises centrifugation.
The effects of diterpenic acids from pine needles of P. massoniana on the mycelial growth of Botrytis cinear,Sclerotinia sclerotiorum and Fusarium graminearum were studied by the mycelial growth rate method.The pot method was used to investigate its control effects on Sphaerotheca fuliginea.
Method : The protoplasta of Bupleurum scorzonerifolium irradiated by ultraviolet light (UV) at an intensity of 300 μW·(cm2)-1 for 0,1,2 min respectively were fused with those of carrot Fisch by PEG method . The regenerated clones, derived form a single fused cell, were examined for their hybrid nature by phenotype and Esterase isoenzyme analysis.
calibration curve was established revealing a good linearity ranges between 0. 012 mg/mL to 0. 5 mg/mL with a correlation coefficient of 0. 999 7, the detection limit(3S/N) was 0. 005 mg/mL
This construct is then introduced into the host cell and the antisense strand of RNA is produced .
Conclusion: This study demonstrated the efficacy of entecavir for hepatitis B-associated acute liver failure.We suggested that entecavir is worth administering to patients with hepatitis B-associated acute liver failure.
such as a , co- dicarboxylic acids ( i. e . , non-branched ) , branched dicarboxylic acids , cyclic dicarboxylic acids ( e. g. cyclohexanedicarboxylic acid ) .
Thediagnostic consistency of combined assay including CK8/18-mRNA werehigher than the other assays.
Aortic valve 10 is located between the aorta 16 and the left ventricle 18.
there were no statistical differences in Apo and SPF in male B27 -and control groups (t Apo =1.01, P=0.317 0, t SPF =0, P=1; t Apo =0, P=1, t SPF =0, P=1
Determination of Ricin by Double Antibody Sandwich Enzyme-Linked Immunosorbent Assay
but does not allow certain mutant myxoma strains,
Methods A retrospective analysis was performed on the clinical manifestations,radiological features,pathological findings,surgical treatment,and prognosis of 10 patients with primary melanoma of the CNS who were hospitalized from January 2002 to January 2013. Results Of the 10 cases,8 had intracranial melanoma,1 had intraspinal melanoma,and 1 had melanoma at the craniocervical junction.
Genes encoding HCV core and NS4 antigen epitopes and C33c antigen were cloned from HCV genome by PCR,respectively. Two fused genes were constructed.
(b) a zeocin resistance polypeptide wherein at least one of arginine at position 14 is changed into proline, glutamic acid at position 73 is changed into lysine, and aspartic acid at position 88 is changed into glycine;
and those in the negative control group were intragastrically perfused with saline of the same volume and at the same time.
Preferably, the amygdalus comnnis comes from a product of protease hydrolysis, acidic hydrolysis or alkali hydrolysis of amygdalus comnnis.
Composition and crystalline structures of thin films were investigated by AES,XPS,and X-ray diffraction. The authos have developed Si-MOS thin film humidity sensitive devices using Ta2O5 thin film.
To further confirm whether the herbicides had an impact on the development of cartilage, the heads of the abnormal individuals were observed by histological examination.
Effectiveness of entropy as a measure of depth of anesthesia during TCI of propofol in patients of different ages
MINE regimen as salvage chemotherapy for 36 patients with non-Hodgkin's lymphoma
In Huaibei area soybean root rot is a disease that may cause severe losses. The pathogens are four species of Fusarium, and they are F.tricinctum, F. episphaeria, F.solani, and F.oxysporum. The virulence of some strains are very higher, and the virulence of strains in F.tricinctum and F.episphaeria have significant differentiation.
Rats in control group and drug treatment group were treated with nimodipin and gastric yindanxinnaotong respectively for 7days while those in sham operation group and model group were fed with isovolumic distilled water.A middle cerebral artery occlusion model was established by modified Longa occlusion.Expression of Bcl-2was detected with immunohistochemical staining.
soluble cd40l ( cd154 ) as a prognostic mark of atherosclerotic diseases
So SYN Cookie can resist SYN Flood attack effectively.
Objects: To evaluate the significance of T cell receptor(TCR) gene rearrangment(GR) in primary cutaneous T cell lymphomas(PCTCL) by detection of Southern blot analysis(SBA) and polymerase chain reaction(PCR).
in these test that dust sample was applied to the t exposure surface and then one half of this surface dust was removed to measure the control pre-treatment allergen level of that specific sample.
the product has effect of regulate endocrine function and can be used for treat hyperosteogeny, rheumatism, and rheumatoid disease
if there doe exist deficiency, this method can be considered. aft that diabrosis of a Ying-syndrome, or when a prolonged disease is treated and if there exists deficiency of both Qi and blood as well as insufficiency of Yin and Yang, tonifying method has to be use. otherwise, curative effects can not be ensured.
METHODS After a simple liquid-liquid extraction,ornidazole was separated by elite ODS C18 column(4. 6mm×250mm,5μm) and detected by UV spectrometry.The detection wavelength was set at 310nm.The mobile phase consisted of methanol-water(25: 75) at a flow rate of 1. 0mL·min-1. The column temperature was set at 35℃.
When the snail enzyme dosage was 0. 80%,the highest extraction rate of total flavonoids(in terms of rutin)reached 4. 34%,which was little higher than ultrasonic extraction.
The more common Lethal Dosage (LD) tests are used to determine the amount of a substance that will kill a predetermined ratio of animals
late course hyperfractionation radiotherapy for brain tumor
Study on the Stability and Quality Degradation Kinetics of Cloudy Strawberry Juice
The samples were extracted by acetonitrile/water(7:3,V/V) and remove grease by freeze centrifuge,gradient eluted with methanol and ammonium acetate as the mobile phase and detected at 435 nm,510 nm and 547 nm.
The Expression of C-erbB-2、PCNA and Syk in Breast Cancer and the Clinical Significance
inherit mutations of MUTYH and colorectal canc
We constructed disruptant fragments for creB via split-marker recombination strategy and used PEG-mediated protoplast transformation.PCR and seqenceing were used to screening and identification of homologous recombination.
Nucleotide mts 90 and use thereof in tuberculosis diagnosis
Efficacy of E. Coli heat-sensitive enterotoxin as a mucosal immunity adjuvant and its application
c) 20 to 60 wt % of hydrophilic, cross-linking monomers which contain two or more ethylene-type unsaturated polymerizable groups and can undergo radical polymerization, with the proviso that a), b) and c) add up to 100 wt %, which uses as diluent a mixture of methanol and water in the ratio of 1:1.0 to 1:4.0, the monomer phase being dispersed as droplets in a dispersion medium comprising an organic solvent chosen from the aliphatic hydrocarbons with 5 to 7 carbon atoms, the ratio of monomer phase to dispersion medium ranging from 1:2.0 to 1:4.0, and which in this form is subjected to radical polymerization in the presence of a polymerization initiator and a protective colloid, with the proviso that the ratio of monomers to diluent ranges from 1:1.7 to 1:2.4.
on the other hand, three polymorphic bands were observed with one pair of degenerate primers that were designed according to the conservative nbs regions of r genes in arabidopsis and other plants. all of the data of polymorphic bands were mixed to estimate the genetic diversity of the samples. clust ( upgma ) results showed that ten accessions of b. napus were classed into two groups, resistant and susceptible group, at the genetic distance point 0.1206. as to the resistant group, ning rsd1 was separated from other lines.
The user will be able to track the vessels in both the left and right upper extremities with this protocol.
Dynamic Change of Serum vWF:Ag, GMP-140, D-D between Pre-and Post-operation of Coronary Heart Disease Intermediate Therapy
In fact,there is an inherent relationship in between.Accordingly,further proofs will change the possibility of denying the influence and hence reinforce the study per se.
Studies on grass carp hemorrhage virus (GCHV) genome transcription in vivo have been carried out Viral mRNA labeled with α-~(32)p ATP was extracted from infected cells treated with actinomycin D and detected by means of liquid phase hybridization and Northern blot hybridization.
Methods 747 cases of operable breast cancer between March 2003 and Novenmber 2003 were analyzed.
The results showed that combinations of terbuline and AM-682 or AM-A produced additive relaxant effects.
image receptor medium
【Method】 Sediments were collected during different periods of the culture-cycle of P. vannamei from July to September 2011 in Jinshan aquaculture base,Shanghai.The total DNA of bacteria was extracted and the 16S rDNA V3 region was augmented using PCR.Then the diversity was analyzed by DGGE fingerprint and DNA sequencing technology.
the algin polysaccharide sulfate at low molecular weight can be prepare by degrading algin polysaccharide sulfate extract from sea-tangle, focus, yellow tang
The Expression of Menthol on Apoptosis Gene(c-fos,bcl-2) of Brain Tissue of Cerebral Inschemia-reperfusion Injury Model of Rates
the H2 S/AA molar ratio should preferably be high in ord to promote that reaction ( 1 ) even more with respect to the reaction ( 2 ).
Experimental Study on Simultaneous Nitrification/ Denitrification by an Aerobic Biofilm System
Inhibition data were calculated by comparison to no enzyme control reactions for 100% inhibition and vehicle-only reactions for 0% inhibition
Studies on the Optimization of Enzymatic Preparation of Chito-oligosaccharides and Its Physiological Activities
Objective:To report our experience in the use of harmonic scalpel in parotid gland surgery.
The effect,perioperative complications and long-term efficacy of the surgery were evaluated.Results: All patients received the surgery safely,and correction of blood vessels stenosis was proven by angiography.During the operation,5 patients were complicated by carotid sinus syndrome,2 by vasospasm,and 1 by mild embolism,all of whom completely recovered without any lingering effects.
EFFECT OF PLASMOPARA VITICOLA INFECTION ON ACTIVITY OF RELATED ENZYMES IN GRAPEVINE
A experimental study of combined nonbioartiflcial liver for acute hepatic porcine
statistical analysis clinical and biological characteristic as well as clinical and molecular responses of that patient in the different genotypic groups were compared using a chi-squared t or by Fisher's exact test when appropriated.
This method is simple, selective and accurate and satisfactory results could be got by application on the determination of Pt and Pd in the inorganic process solution
Methods:A retrospective analysis of patients with renal cyst of 98 cases laparoscopic renal cyst:downlink decompression of nursing.
Regarding the system via the two-step method, the of the photo-initiated grafting increased sharply and then slowed down to a constant value
Nursing about treatment of neonatal respiratory distress syndrom (NRDS) by surfactant
synthesis of these two monomer can be found in that examples.
The level of chromosome aberration, micronucleus rate and DNA damage of female group were significantly higher than that of male group, but no significant difference was found among three age groups
Cells are processed through the cell sorter, allowing separation of cells based on their ability to bind to the antibodies used.
In this study,the MYB transcription factor GmPHR1 was transformed into three soybean genotypes by Agrobacterium-mediated different explants.
Vascular-specific Promoters and cis-regulatory Elements
THE DANGER OF CARTILAGINOUS JOINT LESION IN CHILDREN USING QUINLOONES
Pharmaceutical compositions adapted for transdermal administration may be provided as discrete patches intended to remain in intimate contact with the epidermis for a prolonged period of time .
ELISA Titering of the Chicken Immunized by Particle-Mediated DNA Delivery Experiments
Experimental studies on the characteristics of gemma development in Barbula indica
Through the above research, the CMCase activity was improved effectively, and to lay the foundation for the further application
the gene-coding protein has amino acid sequences shown in a sequence table SEQ ID NO.2.
in that follow, a method for quantitating glucose will be describe as one example of the method for quantitative measurement of sugar level using a biosensor.
by adjusting the duration and delay of the exposures the target site may receive sufficient repeated applications of energy to cause the hair to progressively heat up and prevent growth, whilst the temperature of the skin does not appreciably rise, because of the differing heating times and heating absorption / emission characteristics of the hairs and the surrounding tissue.
Results: Twenty-one from 67 cases the ABI was less than 9,accounting for 31. 3%.
Screening the Fertility-related Genes of Sugarcane(Saccharum Officenarum L.) Using Gene Microarrays
Apart from this, liquid-phase oxidation of m-phenoxytoluene(MPT) for m-phenoxybenzoic acid(MPC) is discussed
The preliminary results show that piperazinium compounds(8) possess more potent activity than that of corresponding free bases(7).
SOD and SDD have marked effects on the bacterial ecology in an ICU, with rising ceftazidime resistance prevalence rates in the respiratory tract during Intervention and a considerable rebound effect of ceftazidime resistance in the intestinal tract after discontinuation of SDD. SOFA scores improved in the polymyxin B group but not in the conventional therapy group(change in SOFA,-3. 4 vs-0.1; P
include antioxidant and lipids
Restenosis is a consequence of multiple factors, including vessel recoil, negative vascular remodeling, residual plaque burden, and neointimal hyperplasia.
The antibody prepared with said epitope can be used to check virus antigen.
it might be appropriate for ri or r2 to represent another functional group, such as an aminoalkyl, carboxyalkyl, haloalkyl, acrylate, acryloxy, acrylamide, or vinyl group, for example.
The role and mechanism of high expression of cyclin B2 in MEN1 insulinoma
Compared with PET, Tg, Tm and degree of crystallinity of the flame retardant copolyester decreased, which was ascribed to the decline of the regularity of the copolyesters chains
The morphological changes of MG-63 cells treated with TAM or ADR alone as well as the combination of them were observed under an inverted microscope, and the cell viability was tested by MTT colorimetric assay.
Studies on the Biology and Genetic Analysis of Craspedacusta Sowerbyi of Zhejiang
Protein-protein Interaction Prediction With Correlated Gene Ontology
Objective To investigate the expression level of ISL1 in normal cervix,cervical intraepithelial neoplasia and cervical cancer and their clinical signficances of Uyghur women.
Application of bone marrow biopsy imprint in evaluating cellularity
To 39 lung cancer patients,5 anticancer drugs had higher sensitivity and were BCNU,PTX,ADM,NVB and eADM;
Once the kids develop a pneumonia, they need medical treatment as well as home care and nursing.
an optional motorized drive 56 is provided for manipulating the probe 42 in accordance with a pre-determined probe trajectory in order to bring the probe 42 ( i.e., at least a tip of the probe ) into contact with a lesion or other feature to be probed or otherwise interventionally processed.
Although platelets and blood coagulation are both involved in thrombus formation, certain components of the coagulation cascade are primarily responsible for the amplification or acceleration of the processes involved in platelet aggregation and fibrin deposition.
the inspector was given to understand also that stigma and discrimination discourage people from seeking the information and services that will protect them from hiv infection or determine whether they are already carrying the virus.
high glucose induce apoptosis of human peritoneal mesothelial cells by caspase-3 activation
An Application Study on the Feasibility of Multi-slice CT Abdominal Angiography with Low Dose and High Concentration of Contrast Media
nsHb plays important roles in plant growth and development,as well as stress conditions.The mechanism of nsHb function has a close relationship with nitric oxide(NO) metabolism.
THE EFFECT AND MECHANISM OF ASTROCYTE ON SYNAPTIC FORMATION IN RATS
In about 2% of infected adults, a fulminant hepatitis (acute liver failure) can occur, which is linked to a high death rate.
FIG. 26 show [18F]L-FMAC microPET images of lymphadenopathy in an animal model of systemic autoimmunity
method of the real-time RT-PCR for the detection of avian influenza virus
Tissue sections were deparaffinized in xylene and hydrated through graded ethanols.
Isolation of the Spinal Cord Stem Cells and Its Induced Differentiation by BMP in Vitro
A Study on the Culture of the Independent Personality of Contemporary College Students
Preparation of Psoralen Liposome Gel and its Drug-release Model in Vitro
the invention relates to a method for detecting a plurality of antigenic molecules carried by erythrocytes and/or a plurality of anti-erythrocyte antibodies of an individual,
solvent evaporation unde reduced pressure follow by purification over silica gel ( sing 10% ethyl acetate in petroleum ether as eluent afforded) that desire product ( 280 mg) as white solid
ultrasonic light deffraction|ultrasonic light diffraction
②CD 34 was expressed in 43.75% of the BAL cases.
An imaging device including a light applying unit for applying illuminating light emitted from a light source to a part to be observed through a light exit window, and an imaging unit for capturing an image by receiving light coming from the part to be observed when the illuminating light is applied, the imaging device further comprising
Conclusion: Histone deacetylase inhibition may effectively inhibit the cellular proliferation and induce apoptosis in cervical carcinoma cells.The mechanisms underlying these effects may involve increased acetylation of histone up-regulated expression of p21 and p53.
the repeat structures accord to that present invention may be substantially identical, forming a homopolymer, or may have R independently selected for each unit, resulting in a copolymeric compound
The significance of FasL expression in immune escape of colorectal carcinoma
Therefore it is another objective of this invention to provide diagnostic tools suitable for the detection of Lawsonia intracellularis infection .
The mean parasite clearance time in 8 cases was 62. 8 hrs; The parasites in 1 case was existent until 108 hrs and the parasites reappearance occurred in 1 case after 78 hrs
A clinical study on Delisheng combined with chemotherapy in the treatment of advanced non-small cell lung cancer.
Meanwhile,the antenna irregularis of desert beetle A. polita were observed and measured,using microscopic techniques,including scanning electron microscopy.
includes electrodes that attach to the patient to provide electrical stimulation of the muscles of the patient.
The Coronary Artery Imaging Technology and Clinical Application Study on 16 Slice Spiral Computed Tomography
Role of NF-kappa B in pathogenesis of acute liver injury in burn rat with sepsis
Methods: When cinobufacini injection in different concentrations was in Bel-7402 cells,we detected the Bel-7402 cell proliferation with MTT chromometry,and Bel-7402 cell cycle distribution with flow cytometry.
changes in activty and clisttibution of Alpase in the oocytes from 2-5mm follicles and the oocytes after maturation and fertilization in vitro were studied with Adams, modified Leacl citrate method of histochemistry.
Effects of FKN on ERK Activation and TNF-α、MMP-2 Expression in Human PBMC and the Role of Syk
Neuroprotection and neurogenesis effect on focal ischemia reperfusion injury from curcumin
these results demonstrated that polypeptides expressed by yellow fever recombinants are processed and presented in a MHC class I-restricted manner .
Synthesis and Antitumor Acitivity of Novel 10-substituted Camptothecin Analogues
Second, improving intestinal tract environment, increase feed nutrient gain ratio, reduce the fodder-meat rate by 2.16%.
Expression of C-myc Gene in Renal Cell Carcinoma and Biological Affaction of C-myc Antisense RNA on Renal Cancer Cell Line
Diagnostic value of prenatal ultrasound to fetal holoprosencephaly
The results showed the bacterial supernatant and periplasm containing NKAT2 scFv were able to bind the NKAT2 receptors expressed on cell surface,but NKAT4 scFv failed to bind to NKAT4 receptors.
A case-control study of the cortisol,thyroid function and heart rate in patients with depression
The invention relates to a method for obtaining pluripotent stem cells with high propagation capacity and high differentiation potential of a large-scale experimental animal by using cloned cells of the large-scale experimental animal as target cells to perform induction of the pluripotent stem cells, optimization of in vitro culture conditions and functional verification, to the field of interdiscipline of animal resource science and cell biology.
The reaction rate of all patients was analyzed,and the predictive factors with stratification analysis according to the result of immunohistochemistry and pathology were explored.
Methods 64 cases were randomly divided into digestive diseases treatment group and control group 32 cases,the treatment group were treated with esomeprazole+amoxicillin+clarithromycin+ tinidazole sequential therapy in the control group with Aye Somerset pullyl+amoxicillin+clarithromycin standard triple therapy.
The Study on Behavior of Medical Compliance and Nursing Care for Patients with Complex Retinal Detachment Operation
Clinical Study and Long Term Observation of the Irreducible Fracture of Surgical Neck of the Humerus in Children by Open Reduction and Internal Fixation
Objective To investigate the relationship between the expression of P53 and the prognosis and platinum-based chemosensitivity in triple negative breast cancer (TNBC).
The positive rate of expression in EGFR was 61 3%, especially appearing in side area and regenerated vessels of the carcinoma, and it possesses significant positive correlation with macrostructure type, differentiation, growth and metastases of lymph node and distant organs respectively ( P <0 05).
detect polymerized enzyme chain reaction by using this invention can improve the accuracy of detecting results.
in that CGRP group, microvessel b lood flow also improve significantly than that in the control group during repe rfusion. conclusion myocardial microcirculation disorders exist in cardiac ischemia-reperfusion dur ing CPB. As a component of cardioplegia
Pharmacological Prevention of Sevoflurane-related Emergence Agitation in Chidren: A Meta-analysis
EP 1283012 describes a reconstituted biscuit product comprising fragments of cooked biscuit bound together with a binder comprising a carbohydrate and fat, a process for producing a reconstituted biscuit wherein a mixture of from 10-30 % of biscuit fragments and from 60-90 % of binder is formed and dried, and a composite ice confectionery product comprising a reconstituted biscuit as above in contact with an ice confectionery mass; EP664676 describes a method for forming composite frozen novelties which comprise an ice cream-like dessert composition having discrete uncooked cookie doughy additions therein by co-extrusion in an extrusion apparatus including a main die having an entrance and an exit disposed downstream of the entrance, and at least one intermediate die, the intermediate die being positioned within the main die at a location upstream of the exit of the main die.
Effect on shihu yeguang granule in the formation of experimental cataracts of rats and the conjunctive microcirculation of the rabbits
The action mechanism and application of collagen sponges were summarized in detail for preparation of promising medical materials.
HIV-1 Non-Nucleoside Reverse Transcriptase Inhibitors: Design, Synthesis and Antiviral Evaluation of Novel 1,3-Disubstituted Thieno[3,2-e][2,1,3] Thiadiazin-4-one 2,2-Dioxides (TTDDs
Under BFT examination, 15(68.2%) had pigmentation in small airways. Congestion of mucosa in small airway mi-ght be diffuse
Enhancement of rat sciatic nerve regeneration by Laminin
synthesis of new halogenate hydroxyl diphenyl ethers
Cancer Cells in Pleural Fluid Micro-images Processing and Recognition Method Research
Objective; To examine the role of interferon-γ in regulating antigen-specific CD8 + cytotoxic T lymphocytes attacking Bel-7402 cells Methods: The human peripheral blood mononuclear cells ( PBMCs) were isolated by centrifugation on a Ficoll-hypaque density gradient and were co-cultured with Bel-7402 cells for proliferation. Flow cytometry were used to identify the immune type. When these amplified lymphocytes were co-cultured with Bel-7402 cells again, IFN-γ were introduced. Then MTT assays were used to obse...
The method of introduction of nucleic acid fragments into recombination competent mammalian cells can be by any method which favours co-transformation of multiple nucleic acid molecules .
Compounds where one of the alkyl groups is methyl can be prepared by a simple alkylation reaction from commercially available 2-methylcyclopentan-1,3-dione 1 (Equation 1).
Simulation of Tumor Microvasculature and Microenvironment Response to Anti-Angiogenic Treatment by Angiostatin and Endostatin
Analysis of the Effects of Direct Network Report Mode on the Report Incidence Rate of Communicable Diseases
High ethanol yields are dependent on co-fermentation of hexose and pentose sugars present in lignocellulosic hydrolysates.
Optimization of Extracting Technology in Total Flavonoidsfrom Ampelopsis aconitifolia Bge.var.palmiloba(Carr.) by Orthogonal Design
Study of HIF-1α and Caspase-3 on lung anoxic injury caused by gas explosion i n rats
Analyze MAGE-4 antigen epitope by online predict software of protein secondary structure and amplify the epitope gene by PCR
Five lower esophageal stenosis, only 1 case had dysphagia in group C. One stomach empty delay in group B. One wound dehiscense in group A
The effective rate on superficial mycoses was 95.6
herpes simplex virus is compose of a double-stranded DNA nucleoprotein core surrounded by an icosahedral protein capsid
The SELEX method using pesticides as targets has been preliminarily applied in the determination of pesticide residues.
superior to that traditional vector and liposome, it can be widely used in gene therapy and transgenic animal research
The relationship between prognosis of mature women HCMV infection and Zincp
the analysis of behavioral problem and associate factor in children with primary nocturnal enuresis
The MDA content in the stems increased with the age of the plant.
The enzymology properties of three crude recombinate phytase preparations were compared. The encoding genes of the enzyme were E. coli K12 appA wild type, appA mutation appA NR, and Aspergillus niger phyA, and heterogenous expressed in Pichia pastoris
Clinical Application of Tissue SonoCT Imaging in Thyroid Diseases
Clincal trial of taking lower dose of mifepristone twice for emergency contraception
Conclusion: It"s crucial to select a right method in the mandibular fracture treatment
in addition, a system and method is describe for detecting arteriosclerotic plaque on that wall of blood vessels by labeling the plaque with a molecular label having desire optical or radioactive properties, and directly imaging the plaque either in an optically accessible blood vessel, or by imaging radioactive label in the plaque in a blood vessel anywhere in the body
The present invention relates to combination vaccines for the prophylaxis and treatment of microbiological infections in cattle which comprise an attenuated bovine viral diarrhea virus (BVDV) for the the prophylaxis and treatment of BVDV caused infections, and a further immunological active component for the prophylaxis and treatment of microbiological infections other than BVDV.
include surface property and deformation properties of embryo
Both groups were observed after 1-month treatment.
in still another aspect, suitable hydroxyl-functionalized, optionally carboxyl-functionalized, allyl ether specie that can be used
study on that Bcst Fittirig of relationship between genetic distance and heterosis in wheat
Effects of TARCD on the Learning and Memory of Dementia Model Rats and Its Mechanisms
method for determining the quantity of polymer separated from (meth)acrylic acid and/or (meth)acrylic acid esters
The medicament has the effect of dispersing swelling and relieving pain, and mainly treats facial nerve paralysis and swelling pain.
Objective To investigate the clinic efficacy of Yunkang syrup in the treatment of early threatened abortion.
The treatment efficacy and degree of satisfaction were compared between the two groups.Results:The age,duration of diabetes,the level of HbA1c,hemoglobin,albumin,ALT,creatinine were no significant difference in two groups(P>0.05).
Prevention of chronic diarrhea caused by infections
2) a gene that will be expressed as a mRNA molecule,
the Ganoderma applanatum extract is useful for live disease
Primers Design and PCR Optimization for Amplifying Mitochondrial Cytochrome b Gene of 38 Passerines
disclosed is a method for detecting target nucleic acid by hybridization, wherein a ) hybridization is carried out with at least one probe nucleic acid which is bound with one end to a solid phase, whereby the probe nucleic acid comprises the target nucleic acid sequence or a complementary sequence thereto, which is flanked on the 3 ' end of a short nucleic acid sequence and on the 5 ' end of a nucleic acid sequence which is complementary to said nucleic acid sequence, forming a DNA double strand and a cleavage module which can be cleaved by a double-strand-specific nuclease and the probe nucleic acid has a marker on the other end thereof, b ) at least one treatment with at least one dual-strand-specific nuclease is performed and c ) the amount of the marker is determined, said marker being bound to the solid phase according to step b ).
The reason of tumor suppression gene inactivation is an allelic loss and the remain allele has mutation or promoter hypermethylation.
Study on Apoptosis of Oral Squamous Carcinoma Cell line KB and KBv200 induced by Survivin RNAi
target indicia 35 on the self-inflating bag 15 to indicate the proper position of the self-inflating bag on the patient 's sternum area sa and to indicate the proper location on the self-inflating bag 15 for applying force to the top side 31 of the self- inflating bag 15
Pyothorax due to Postoperative Anastomotic Leakage in Esophageal and Cardiac Cancer Surgery: Prevention and Treatment
Nonlinear Phonon Effects in Protein Molecular System
Renal protection of valerian oil and its mechanism in type 2 diabetic rats
efficacy and safety evaluation of Cefepime for that treatment of elderly patient with lower respiratory tract infection
Reduction of Heterogeneity index (HI) of Nucleic Acid Sequences
Determination of Naringin in Grapefruit Peel by Capillary Electrophoresis
The immune modulator capacity of antigen-pulsed dendritic cells (DC) has been documented in patients with cancers and in animal models of chronic viral infections.
? Objective To evaluate the value of interventional therapy in treating bone tumors.Methods 76 patients from 1992 to 1997 with bone tumor underwent interventional therapy,then operation or non operative treatments accordingly.They were followed up regularly.Results Effective rate was 85% in interventional group,and was 92% for limb bone tumors. Intervention treatment caused Ⅲ or Ⅳ degree necrosis in all cases,reduced the blood supply in operation in 86% cases,formation of false m...
Preferably, the structure and footprint of implant 600 allows implant 600 to be particularly suited for implantation in the cervical region of the spine.
The method of analytical antioxidants 168 by high performance liquid chromatography was carried out.Methanol/ethyl acetate was used as mobile phase.
Proteins 1: 3D Structural Genomics, Homology, Catalytic and Regulatory Dynamics, Function Drug Design
Poly (Vinyl Alcohol)/Hydrotalcite Blending System Research and Fiber Preparation
Control group were treated with propofol,fentanyl and atracurium for the induction of anesthesia.While patients in study group used propofol,fentanyl atracurium and esmolol.
Immunoreaction and prognosis of frozen allograft were studied through detecting T lymphocytes, complements and circulating immune complex(CiC) at 4 days preoperatively and 14, 28 days postoperatively in 10 cases, and bone scans of 99m Te SPECT (5 cases) and X rays (12 cases) at 3, 6, 9, 12, 24, 48 months after operation.
such as psychiatric treatment
ANALYSIS ON COMPLICATIONS OF 1000 CASESOF LAPAROSCOPIC CHOLECYSTECTOMY
[Method]In the annual dog day,the Sanjiu,the vernal equinox,autumnal equinox solar terms,on the out-patients in remission to give medicine acupoint sticking therapy,and recorded before and after treatment of clinical symptoms,immunological detection of data and six months to a year after treatment,long-term clinical improvement of symptoms.
Adaptability of denitrifying phosphate-accumulating bacteria cultivated under different carbon source conditions to different electron acceptors
10 . a compound of the formula : EMI21.1 wherein R3 is loweralkyl , hydroxyalkyl or cycloalkylalkyl and R4 is a nitrogencontaining heterocycle , bonded through a ring nitrogen atom to the carbonyl group , selected from the group consisting of imidazolyl , pyrrolyl , pyrazolyl , 1,2,3triazolyl , 1,2,4-triazolyl , tetrazolyl , indolyl , benzimidazolyl and benzotriazolyl .
this biosensor actually is a biomolecular assembly involved in physiological functions, such as smell and taste, and in metabolic and neural biochemical pathways.
Drops and solutions may be formulated with an aqueous or non-aqueous base also comprising one or more dispersing, solubilising or suspending agents.
In vitro comparative activities study of piperacillin/sulbactam against clinical isolates
Methods:426patients with breast cancer were subject to the pathological examination of the IPNs. We recorded IPNs exist rate, positive rate, then analysed the relationship between IPNs and the age of patients, clinical stage, pathological type, primary mass location, the size of tumor, the apical group lymphnodes
Analysis on the effect of striping and incising and immediate electron-beam radiotherapy in the patients with earlap keloid
Virus particles of CMV 8 S1, an isolate with necrosis satellite RNA and originally from naturally infected tobacco, scattered throughout the cytoplasm and in the vacuoles of abnormal chloroplasts
Treatment of humeral intercondylar fracture with y-shaped locking plate through triceps splitting approach
Primary Prevention to Cerebral Apoplexy
similarly, protein residing on that cell membrane can be secrete into the extracellular space by proteolytic cleavage of a" linker" that holds the protein to the membrane
More and more research shows that the main pathway of methanogenesis was proceed by acetic acid degradation in the anaerobic fermentation reactor.
in particular, that synthetic sulfonate mixture according to the disclosure exhibit a molecular weight distribution that has two distinct maxima, hereinafter refer to as a" bimodal molecular weight distribution
Study on the semi-nested PCR for the detection of tobacco expressing a chitinase gene
Product is a clear to white, non-toxic solid pellet or granular powder having minimal odour.
in principle, an absorbance decrease faster in that cuvette contain a greater concentration of a sample inhibitory against the activity of the enzyme
Cancer biotherapies,including tumor vaccines,gene therapy,anti-angiogenic therapy,targeted therapy,and etc have made great progress in clinical translational research in recent years.Simultaneously,the new challenges that clinical investigations of cancer biotherapy have brought to translational researches will be discussed in the mini review.
Methods 60 AECOPD patients were randomly divided into two groups.
group is control group fed with the corn - bean - fish meal basic diets
In the past glial was thought to support nerve cell.Glial cells and Neurons Glial cells, commonly called neuroglia or simply glia, are non-neuronal cells that provide support and nutrition, maintain homeostasis, form myelin, and participate in signal transmission in the nervous system
Alternatively, the probiotic bacteria may be administered to pregnant women in the form of a therapeutic nutritional composition.
The Iris shading network simulates an aperture, like the pupil of a human eye, which opens as the amount of light shining on it decreases, and closes as the amount of light increases.
Safety of Xueshuantong injection in patients with acute coronary syndrome
The levels of DD in patients in the acute stage were higher and then 20-30 days after treatment reduced to the normal level,which had statistical significance(P<0.05).
in other word, that grafting agent and chain transfer agent are adde to the medium in which the living polymer was prepared
Objective To analysis health education nursing intervention effect of patients with cerebrovascular disease and explore effective measures to improve the quality of life in patients.
(14) Lipid producing fungi obtained by the method or the breeding kit as defined in any one of (1) through (13).
the ally in GAVI aim to ensure that all 30 million children still not receiving vaccination will get these services; that as new life-saving vaccines are developed, children in develope countries will also benefit from them; and that that development of vaccines against diseases most prevalent in poorer countries, including pneumonia, diarrhoea, HIV/AIDS, malaria and tuberculosis, is encouraged.
However,fluorine content in tea was significantly correlated with Fe/Mn-F,not with other forms of fluorine.
44. The method of claim 34, wherein the one or more antigens are Salmonella typhi antigens.
Anaemia has what symptom normally, need not exsanguinate assay
This high density of antigen presentation makes these particles especially effective at provoking a robust antibody response.
influence of Minkeqing oral liquid on IL-6, IL-8, ET-1, TX-B2 in blood and to observe bronchoalveolar lavage fluid of that rat with inhalating ovalbumin
study on extraction of hydrogen peroxidase from pig blood and its Propertities
Clinical characteristics of abdominal anaphylactoid purpura
The Effect of Silver Nitrate on Three Oxidase Isozymes of Gynoecious Cucumber Plant (Cucumis sativusL.)
IR group was induced by clamping the bilateral renal arteries for 45 min. IPO1, IPO2, IPO3 groups were treated by different postconditioning methods after 45 min kidney ischemia. The postconditioning method of IPO3 group was sequential 20 sec reperfusion and another 20 sec ischemia for a 10 cycles.
The results were as follows:(5) The best transplant medium of Cymbidium grandiflorium seedlings was haydites with barks or pseudopodium; the best nutrient fluid was Ca(NO3) 2 472m/L+KO3 809mg/L+KH2PO4 153mg/L+MgSO4 493mg/L
In this article, the ettect of Argon laser PRP on 60 cases(102eyes) with diabetic retinopathy(DR)was reported. Comparison between the PRP effect on pre-prolifreative DR and that on proliferative DR was made,Laser burns number Vs PRP effect, indication for PRP and post-PRP follow-up were also discussed.
Chondroitin helps maintain your healthy cartilage
The present invention relates to a Factor VII (FVII) fusion polypeptide with a prolonged half-life, wherein the FVII polypeptide can be activated or is in the activated form.
Measurements and Observations of Common Pelvic Radiographic Parameters in More Than Two Thousands Normal Chinese Hips
Effect of Dietary Starch Sources on the Performance and Nitrogen Metabolism of Weaned Piglets
Pharmacokinetics of β-asarone in rats
the present invention provide ( I) these compounds are useful in prevention and treatment of neurodegenerative disorder
Detection of grapevine stem pitting virus with RT-PCR method
Results In all patients,there were 12 patients with varying degrees of lower blood pressure because of bone cement reaction,15 patients with delirium,13 patients with thrombosis of deep vein,2 patients with pulmonary embolism,3 patients with dislocation of hip joint.After timely and effective nursing,there were 1 patient with pulmonary embolism and 1 dead patient caused by dislocation of hip joint,and the others were all healed.
It has also been found that additive analgesic effects can be obtained if spongosine is administered with another analgesic agent.
provides an immunoassay kit for detecting a level of prouroguanylin in a sample.
the outbreak reaffirm that need to implement the WHO policy of introduce into the national immunization programme a booster dose of measles vaccine at age 15 months to reinforce the immunity acquire through primary vaccination
the composition has the advantages of less adverse effect, low treatment cost and good development prospect.
Epidermal Growth Factor Receptor Polypeptide C
A ligand with a covalently bound bis-electron rich entity is incubated in the presence of a target molecule (FIG. 8a).
Conclusions:The tension-relaxing stick can reduce the tension of the tendon,reduce the operation time,and improve the quality of the tendon suturation.
in particular have high affinity for that alpha 2 and/or alpha 3 subunit thereof, and are accordingly of benefit in the treatment and/or prevention of disorders of the central nervous system,
External preparation for and method treating arthritis
the unsaturated carbonic monomer functions to increase elasticity of the polymer via hydrogen bond within the polymer and in particular, there can be used acrylic acid, methacrylic acid, itaconic acid, maleic acid, fumaric acid, vinyl acrylate, an acid anhydride form thereof and so on.
Also, it is known that compounds capable of inhibiting isolation calls in this guinea pig model of anxiety are predictive of clinical effect.
the alkenyl succinic anhydride compound is prepare by reaction of maleic anhydride and one or more linear, symmetrical c22-c28 internal olefins.
Genetic analyses in two extended families with deletion 22q11 syndrome: Importance of extracardiac manifestations
wherein the composition has a high release rate so that when subjected to an in vitro dissolution test, about 45% or more of the total content of nicotine is released within 30 minutes.
in addition, that forage, prepare with the said prescription, can prevent chickens from infection of dysentery bacillus, typhoid bacillus, and cholera bacterium.
New peptides derived from the MAGE-2 molecule and which bind to HLA-A*0201 molecules are disclosed.
To investigate the expression of extracellular signal-regulated kinase(ERK) and its significance in epithelial ovarian tumor
in addition to common cause, underling disease, leukocytopenia, malnutrition and complex infections are also risk factors of MRSA infection.
Conclusion Changxinyin Decoction can alleviate cardiac ischemia;the underlying mechanisms might be related with lowering blood lipids,and inhibiting the inflammation in the coronary artery.
Study on superovulation in female rabbit
Correlation between PDGFs and their receptor and liver fibrosis
influence of ginsenoside rb_1 and rg_1 on some central neurotransmitte receptors and protein biosynthesis in mouse brain
Protective Effect of Matrix Metalloproteinase Inhibitor on Lung Ischemia-reperfusion Injury
Clinical Observation on Treatment of Postpartum Hemorrhage by Xuesaitong Soft Capsule
the second light emit means ( 22) emit a light having a wavelength of 1710 nm. that third light emitting means ( 23) emit a light having a wavelength of 1750 nm. A light detecting means ( 30) detects the intensities of lights and a control means ( 60) calculates the concentration of the ethanol according to the intensities of lights
The echo pattern was various inside. (2)V1/V2 (the volume ratio of ill-lateral and health-lateral) in ovarian torsion group was greater than that in normal group (P < 0.001).
Objective: To investigate the immunosuppressive activity of Astragalus glycoprotein(AGP) in vitro and in vivo from multiple levels and angles and to provide experimental evidence for researching and applying of AGP by studying on the ef ect of AGP on apoptosis of spleen cells in adjuvant arthritis(AA) rats.
The invention has obvious healing effect for patients with elevated blood pressure, and only within one month, the cure rate can averagely reach 95.44 percent, the recovery rate can averagely reach 4.26 percent, and the failure rate is only 0.30 percent.
The alicyclic hydrocarbon groups may have at least one substituent selected from a halogen atom, a hydroxyl group, a C1-C6 alkoxy group, a C2-C6 alkoxycarbonyl group, a C6-C10 aryloxy group, and a C2-C8 acyl group.
No obvious osteoporosis shows in the pelvic bones, with good hip alignment, hip joint space is narrowing, visible shadows of vermiform destruction can be observed on articular surface which are mainly in the bearing area, and articular capsule swells significantly.
Peach accessions conserved in National Fruit Germplasm Repository of Nanjing were used for establishing primary core collection.Three sampling strategies,classification,stepwise cluster and random,were compared using 630 accessions and 60 descriptors.
the study of cell from l_ ( 7811) leukemia mouse by ~ ( 31) p-nmr
F-FDG PET has been widely applied in the diagnosis and therapeutic evaluation in oncology, but it has limitation in diagnosing of some kinds of tumors, such as brain tumor, prostate cancer and bladder cancer because of its metabolism characteristic
Methods: Use double blind control methods to conduct auditory physiology method (ABR, DPOAE) and make experimental observation on cochlea morphology (cochlea frozen-cut section and surface preparation) in the mouse of Smad5 (+/+) and Smad5(+/-).
Conclusion These data indicate that local expression of IL 12 may also be an attractive treatment strategy for brain tumor that correlated to clonal tumor specific T cell expansions in the tumor.
28 % had cataracts ( Table 1 ) , suggesting that the eye disease is also common in the Chinese type 2 diabetes population .
infant seedling differentiation induction culture medium contain MS conventional basic culture medium, 6-benzyladenine 2 mg/l, indoleacetic acid 0.1 mg/l, agar 0. 65% and cane sugar 3.0%;
iri pigment epithelial cells
3 The significiant efficiency , normal efficiency and total efficiency were 14. 29%, 64. 28%, 78. 57% respectively in TG and 8. 00%, 64. 00%,72. 00% respectively in CG.
One patient showed temporary GGT elevation at the 2 weeks of administration, but showed the recovery at the 4 weeks.
ceramic powder formulations consisting of ( or convertible on calcination to ) oxide compounds, e. g., aluminosilicate compounds such as cordierite, mullite, -eucryptite, calcium aluminates or the like, can also benefit from the presence of in situ hydrated alumina binders in accordance with the invention.
inoculate and making cell anchor on microcarrier, make culture medium circulate, charging oxygen, removing part of culture medium and at that same time supplementing fresh culture medium and implement cell culture proces.
Studies of Bi-derectional Modulation Effect of Kudzuvine Root on Immunol Cells
Paired reads can be obtained on fragments of any length, for example PCR amplicons of 2-10 Kb or DNA clones isolated from bacteria or other biological sources.
TFⅡH(transcription factor ⅡH) plays an essential role in the mRNA transcription mediated by RNA polymerase Ⅱ(RNA Pol Ⅱ) and mainly regulated by the phosphorylation of several sites of RNA Pol Ⅱ C-terminal domain(CTD).
Results:The 8.0,12.0 and 24.0 mg/kg·BW groups of coenzyme Q10 could obviously enhance the ability of mice spleen lymphocyte transformation induced by ConA
hesch claim continuous and uninterrupted administration of a combined hormonal contraceptive for a period of great than 110 days.
to increase our strategic information in order to guide effective responses, we are investing in the improvement of the surveillance system for hiv/aids and sexually transmitted infections.
Introduced an improved synthesis method of fulvestrant intermediate: use the 6-Ketoestradiol-3, 17-diethyl ester as raw material. Only need four steps: substitution, reduction, condensation and hydrolysis reaction to get the key fulvestrant intermediates :(7a, 17b)-7-[9-[(4, 4, 5, 5, 5-Pentafluoropentyl)thio]nonyl]-estra-1, 3, 5(10)-triene-3, 17-diol.
Multivariate regression analysis showed that TB patients with more TB hospitalization frequency,much younger,lower education level had higher treatment cost,the cost of low-income families was lower.
Objective evaluate the effects of Caveolin-1 knockout on weight and reproductive performance before weaning in C57BL/6 mice.
Study on the Physical Properties and Morphology of a New Optical Material
Effect of Isocorydine on Lipid Fluidity of Erythrocyte Membrance Under the Ischemia-Reperfusion in Rabbits
Conclusion It is demonstrated that PAPP-A and its gene IVS6 + 95(C/G) polymorphism are associated with ACS,the Callele and CCgenotype are risk predisposing factors for ACS.
specifically disclose is a prophylactic and/or therapeutic agent for hyperlipemia, a prophylactic and/or therapeutic agent for obesity or diabetes, or a prophylactic and/or therapeutic agent for metabolic syndrome, each of which comprises a combination of a compound represen by that general formula ( 1 ) or a salt thereof and a statin ( particularly pitavastatin ).
study on differentiation of bone marrow cell into hepatic lineages in rat
In the case of fat, it's possible to use simple surgery, but that's unnecessarily invasive
The invention has the rather big pharmacological action, and can be used for wrinkle eliminating and vaginal contraction.
For the heart,systole cannot exist unless there is a diastole,the decreasing cardiac function is actually due to a simultaneous decrease in the diastolic and systolic functions.
Clinical Study of Xin-Chang Ning Mixture on Treating Irritable Bowel Syndrome
The present invention refers to pharmaceutical compositions containing monosialoganglioside GM1 or a derivative there of, namely, the inner ester AGF2 and the methyl ester AGF4, suitable for the treatment of Parkinson's disease.
The experiment indicated that:1) Under condition of initial density of COD is 14673mg/L(9960 mg/L), the initial pH is 7, catalyst dosage is 2g, H2O2 throw adds 1mL, photochemical catalysis 5h, the ethyl acetate(or butyl acetate) elimination rate is 95%(91%), When the ethyl acetate dilutes 4 times (there being no H2O2), the reaction time 6h, the elimination rate respectively is 93%(95
The result of seedling in the field showed: rate of emergence in light saline soil was 80-90%; 70-80% in medium saline soil
Changes in TGF1 and type, procollagen gene expression in keloid and hypertrophic scar
The combination of 6-BA and auxin could remarkably enhance the callus inducement.
The results showed that both sheep placental extract and SPIF-¢ñcould increase E-rosette formation of human peripheral blood lymphocytes and that SPIF-¢ñwas a small chain peptide with immunoreglating activity of sheep placenta extract.
(d) how the current number of patients, the current number of new and old cases as well as the current workload of each doctor (e.g. the number of patients required to be treated per hour) of the above clinics compare with those of the orthopaedic and thoracic out-patient clinics of the Hospital Authority;
Objective To investigate the clinical and neuropathological characteristics of Creutzfeldt Jakob disease(CJD) of elderly patients in China. Methods Twenty four patients with CJD which were confirmed neuropathologically were divided into two groups, elderly group and non elderly group. Brain sections of 10 cases (elderly group 3 cases, non elderly group 7 cases) of 24 cases were given immunostaining with antiserum to a synthetic polypeptide of prion protein (PrP). PrP gene was analyzed in 10 cases (elde...
Conclusions: Inappropriate abrupt antihypertensive therapy is lable to induce watershed infarction and attention should be paid to reduce the incidence of the diseas.
hematopoietic stem cell are multipotent cells capable of self renewal and differentiation into multiple blood cell types, including erythrocytes, megakaryocyte, monocytes / macrophages, granulocytes, mast cells, b-cells and t-cells
the technical field of tobacco flavors, a product of the Maillard reaction of a date extract and the application thereof in tobacco.
Results The diagnostic sensitivity of the first pass perfusion weighted images was 92%.
Methods The postoperative outcome and prognosis of 49 elderly patients(≥65 years, older group) and 64 nonelderly patients(<65 years, control group) undergoing MVD were analyzed statistically.
Long-term follow-up review ranging from 6 months to 7.5 years (mean 3.5 years) in 103 (86.6%) patients revealed a cure of 88 patients (85.4%).
29 patients were treated with interferon -α2b. The results showed that the sIL-2R levels were decreased after treatment(P<0.05). The levels of sIL-2R in post-treatment HCV-RNA negative group were significantly lower than those of HCV-RNA positive group(P<0.05).
Leaf tissues were harvested 48 h post inoculated and TCA-acetone precipitation method was used for protein extraction.A tandem combination of two-dimensional electrophoresis,mass spectrometry(MS+MS/MS), and bioinformatics tools were used to identify protein that contribute to nonhost resistance in Glycine max.
it has that function of treating and/or prevent a symptom condition or disorder associated with cancer such as nutrient deficiency and osteoporosis.
Objective It is to investigate the clinical feature of the patients with neurally-mediated syncope in hospital
This paper, taking Kakuichi’s The Tale of the Heike as the object of study, discusses the implications of The Everlasting Regret and The Story of Everlasting Regret in it through empirical text analysis.
is prepare byrepeatedly pickling unripe fructus Pruni with salt; place copper cash and fructus Pruni alternately into a jar, spraying salt and powders of lignum Aquilariae Resinatum, one of pericarpium Citri Reticulatae viride, pericarpium Citri Reticulatae, and fructus Aurantii, radix aucklandiae, and one of cortex Cinnamomi and cortex Cinnamomi on each lay thereof
The Preparation and Testing Analysis Basis of Gene Chip Checking System with Surface Plasmon Resonance Imaging
OBJECTIVE To investigate the clinical effects and safety of Compound Rhizoma Corydalis Decumbentis combined with glucosamine hydrochloride(GS) in the treatment of prometaphase knee osteoarthritis(OA).
The responses of photosynthetic oxygen evolution of M.aeruginosa and Chlamydomonas reinhardtii under conditions of different pH value and addition of carbonic anhydrase inhibitors were also compared in this paper.
synthesis technology of diacetone acrylamide
Conclusion: Apply xueshuantong injection on cerebral hemorrhage patients in prophase can improve the microcirculation in recoverying,promote the hematoma absorption and improvement of neurological function without increasing the risk of development rehaemorrhagia.
Effects of Cimaterol on Nitrogen Metabolism and G-6-PDH Activity of Rat Hepatocyte
study on hydrolyze protein in Brewer's spent grains
Research status of elemene in the treatment of malignant brain tumors
Diagnostic confidence analysis in the magnetic resonance imaging of ovarian and deep endometriosis: comparison with surgical results
heroin seizure in south-east Asia accounted for approximately 15 per cent of total seizure, and that share of such seizures in the americas remained unchanged at 6 per cent
Low T_3 and T_4 Syndrome in Chronc Renal Insufficiency
or up-regulated pathways, which can be exploited to accumulate imaging agent in a diseased cell.
Methods One hundred and two cases > 60 years of age with acute coronary syndrome patients receiving tirofiban continuous intravenous infusion for 36 h to 48 h,the observation of bleeding from medication began to discontinuation of treatment in patients within 3 d,and bleeding suspected risk factors for univariate and multivariate logistic regression analysis.
The white matter density in surrounding areas of infarction significantly increased progressively(P<0.05).
Artificial neural networks has been applied to simultaneous determination of fluorene and acenaphthene by ultraviolet spectrophotometry.
Kinetic Spectrophotometric Determination of Selenium with Inhibitory Oxidation Reaction of Potassium Periodace - Methyl Orange
The pre-suggestion of diagnostic value for thyroid nodule in diffusion-weighted imaging
Objective: To study the clinical effect of intracytoplasmic sperm injection (ICSI) in treatment of oligozoospermia, azoospermia and teratozoospermia.
In our study, laparoscopy picked up inoperable disease due to peritoneal deposits in the region of the liver, omental deposits and hepatic disease that was inoperable due to its location and or multiplicity of small lesions that were not picked up on cross-sectional scanning
Study on the Relationship between the Polymorphisms of Muscle Glycogen Synthase Gene and Insulin Resistance of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus
By employing the plate transformation method, the study on Bacillus subtilis cell-to-cell natural genetic transformation was carried out The results showed that the bacteria cultured in the both LB and MM media could actively excrete transforming DNA at exponential growth stage. The cell to cell contact could facilitate the transformation. It was found that the B. subtilis strain, cultured not only in MM medium, but also in LB medium, could be transformed by cell released or chemically ext
Methods Clinical data of 32patients[mean age,(44± 8)years;male patients accounting for 78%]with native double valve endocarditis who underwent double valve replacements during the acute phase from 1996to 2011were retrospectively analyzed.
The experiment with and without shading treatments was conducted in paddy field with rice cultivars YY9 and B9363.The physiomorphology indices including leaf SPAD values,chlorophyll contents,chlorophyll fluorescence and photosynthetic parameters,specific leaf weight and blade thickness in rice canopy were measured to establish the regression relationship between SPAD values and the maximum quantum output in photosystem II( Fv/Fm of PSII) at rice growth stages.
These results suggested that novel epothilone methyl derivatives could interfere with a variety of biological functions including the vascular endothelial cell migration,invasion and type Ⅳ collagenase secretion,thus to drastically suppress angiogenesis.
Conclusions Ultrasonic scaling has no interference with cardiac pacing system,and may be safely applied to the patients with implanted pacemakers.
CBA/J×DBA/2 mating could be taken as a good model of URSA
Body weight gain of males receiving 250 mg/kg/day was less than that of controls (20% vs 30% of controls).
the AIDS epidemic in Mexico is concentrate in men having sex with other men, commercial sex worker and intravenous drug users, groups in which prevalence reaches as high as 15 per cent
Phenol oxidase (PO, EC 1.14.18.1, and was also known as tyrosinase in mammalian) is one of the key enzymes in the development of insects.
intercellular adhesion molecule-1 expression of intestinal mucosa in experimental rat with obstructive jaundice
Substantially pure polynucleotide: The term "substantially pure polynucleotide" as used herein refers to a polynucleotide preparation free of other extraneous or unwanted nucleotides and in a form suitable for use within genetically engineered protein production systems.
Results More than 90% of the students know that HIV may be spread through sexual intercourse, mother-to-baby, and venous drug abuse.
Changes in serum RBP and PAB levels in patients with cirrhosis
fibrin sealant is injected into the spinal area of a human being.
Her gum abscessed, and the attendant infection, which couldn’t be controlled with the antibiotics, started moving down her neck, and she had to be evacuated from Mongolia
Therefore, we point out our mechanism of CPHPMC gelation process which depend on the macromolecular assembly theory that the gelation of CPHPMC is due to the assemble interaction of chain segments and chain nodes within/inter polymeric chains driverd via hydrogen-bonded(H-bonding), hydrophobic effect and Van der Waals force etc.This assembly can make physical entanglement nodes between polymer chain and form network structure with water medium as the gelation process of CPHPMC aqueous solution begin.The degree of gelaton process is depend on the ability of chain segments assembly within/inter CPHPMC polymers
in that treatment of a numb of conditions use dermal application, e. g. in the treatment of psoriasis, it is often indicated to employ a combination treatment incorporating two or even more different pharmacologically active compounds.
Report of a pedigree of collagen type Ⅲ glomerulopathy
one suitable location for the generator is in the patient 's chest ,
The other 40 patients as control group (M 24, F 16; age 59 a±8 a) received injection of Salvia miltiorrhiza compound 20 mL in 5% glucose injection 250 mL, iv drip, qd for 10 d
This paper reviewed the research advances in the functional gene diversity correlated to soil microbial ecological function, with the perspectives in this field discussed
the amino acid sequence mentioned and characterize by SEQ IDs are preferably encoded by that DNA sequences referred to as SEQ ID number 35 to 68.
study of CT on that side branch circulation of the hetapo-cellular carcinoma'V. portae canceration and live cirrhosis'V. portae high pressure
A Study of Antiepilepsy of Zinc Phenytoin in Experimental Epilepsy
The invention relates to compounds of formula I as defined hereinbefore , for use in treat - ment of pain related to migraine , inflammatory pain , neuropathic pain disorders such as diabetic neuropathies , arthritis and rheumatitiod diseases , low back pain , post-operative pain and pain associated with various conditions including angina , renal or billiary colic , menstruation , migraine and gout .
it is found for that first time that rejection in the chronic phase aft organ transplantation can be inhibited by administer an anti-IL-6 receptor antibody.
Effect of Activated Input by Weak Noise on the Frequency Tuning and Mechanism Underlying Integration in Inferior Collicular Neurons of Mouse
The Effect of Different Kinds of Perceptual Stimulus on Language Comprehension
All the patients were visited every 2 weeks,altogether for 24 weeks.And before and after treatment,the blood pressure,waist circumference(WC) and body mass index(BMI),CRP and MAU were measured.
The purpose of this paper is to assess the effect of etomidate (0.3 mg/kg) on adrenocortical function in children.
Objective The purpose of this study was to reproduce the model of acute lung injury (ALI) in rats by injecting oleic acid (OA) into the vein, and investigate the alterations of tumour necrosis factor-α(TNF-α),interferon Gamma (IFN-γ), interleukin-4 (IL-4) after ALI induced by OA, and investigate the possible mechanisms of protective effects of azithromycin in OA induced ALI in rats.
The propionitrile in the reaction mixture was used as an internal standard in the GC product analysis.
the present invention provide dental compositions have antimicrobial activity that are useful for local/topical treatment ( therapeutic or prophylactic) of conditions that are caused, or aggravated by, microorganism
in addition to the high cost associated with these two treatments,
Conclusion The reference for rhTPO can be used for the control of the in vitro bioassay of rhTPO.
Researches show that, the anti-corrosion effects of corrosion inhibitor admixture containing complexing amino alcohols, which can improve the workability, and enhance resistance to the penetration of chloride ions, and decrease the concrete temperature rise at early age, are better than that of calcium nitrite. The corrosion inhibitor admixture with complexing amino alcohol just results in compressive strength of concrete at early age declining slightly, and does not have any influences on compressive strength of concrete at long age yet
Under the uterine mucosa (inner uterus) from fibroids through the cervix into the vagina can occur within the abdominal pain, muscle intramural uterine fibroids can produce heavier or dysmenorrhea.
Fossilized rat circa 1954. Very fine year for rats.
Study on Myofibrils and Myofibrils Gel Properties of Jumbo Squid (Dosidicus Gigas)
Body Modification, Non-Therapeutic
Study on the Chinicophathology Immunohistochemictry and Gene Rearrangement in Gastrointestinal Mucosa-associated Lymphoid Tissue Lymphoma and Their Significance;
Influences of study and memory ability in rat following the different ways of cerebral ischemia
The elements can be better extracted by supersonic wave,and the dissolution rates does not depend on the size of the total elements in Chinese herbs.FAAS is rapid,simple,high precision,good accuracy and sensitivity to determine the elements in the honeysuckle.
the cationic polymer may include a dimethylaminoethyl group.
Also evident in FIG. 12 is that before addition of murine IgM (light lines), the immuno-reference sensor (dashed lines) exhibits a significant signal that diminishes markedly upon addition of murine IgM (heavy lines
this data can be added to physiological data such as heart rate and fat measurement to provide an indication about the progress of the person in a diet physical fitness regime .
in such a way, a second polymer network is for upon UV exposure, which interpenetrates with that preexist network of the porous matrix.
However, some accidents may appear in clinical, such as: bent needle, stuck needle, broken needle, fainting, and hurting important organs
Based on the conventional therapy,alprostadil was given in observation group,and tanshinone injection was given in control group.
Induction of Mouse Homologous Antibodies on Antibodies Production and It' s Characteristics
it can be use for that treatment of chronic bronchitis and the relief of expectoration due to chronic bronchitis.
Representative active compounds include analgesics, anticonvulsants, anesthetics, antidiabetic agents, anti infective agents, antineoplastics, antiParkinsonian agents, antirheumatic agents, cardiovascular agents, central nervous system (CNS) stimulants, dopamine receptor agonists, gastrointestinal agents, psychotherapeutic agents, or urinary tract agents.
the 6 amplicons provide complete coverage of a region of HIV associated with reverse transcriptase and protease.
Candida albicans and trichophyton rubrum were killed after treated for 60min with 8-16(g/ml concentration of fluconazole and amphotericin,but they were killed only after treated for 15min with volume fraction 0. 31%of original and re - sinking extract,and with volume fraction 0. 62%purified extracts.
This absence of effect might have been caused by modest baseline cardiovascular risks and high standards of usual care.
The Expression and Clinical Significanee of OPN and Related Factors in the Breast Cancer and the Adjacent Normal Breast Tissue
uncertainty about the true scale of maternal mortality, particularly in sub-saharan africa and asia, is due to a lack of data from countries with some of the worst death tolls, a tendency to underreport maternal deaths, particularly if related to illegal unsafe abortions, and the use of national averages.
The dry matter degradability (DMD 48) of cotton leaf, small stem at 1/3 section of cotton straw and cotton peach hull at 48h is 65.47%, 36.66% and 31.32% respectively, this showed that cotton leaf was more digestible than that of cotton peach hull and small stem at 1/3 section of cotton straw
Treatment of severe comminuted fractures of femoral shaft
investigation of that in vivo desintegration and Transit behavior of tetramethylpyrazine phosphate pulsincap Capsule in the gastrointestinal tract of dog by gamma scintigraphy
A marrow blood cell classification counter with microcomputer
The results showed that:(1)There were no differences in fresh and GAF pollen shape and size of apricot, chinese date and grape.
It was estimated that the free antigen binds to plasma proteins to form a bound antigen due to the addition of plasma, so that the competitive reaction is inhibited.
EXISTENCE AND UNIQUENESS OF SOLUTION FOR THE SYSTEMS OF NON-LINEAR DIFFERENTIAL EQUATIONS RELATED TO THE TRANSMISSION OF NERVE IMPULSES
RESULTS:The staining results,electron-microscope examination and TNF-α,IFN-γ expression showed,the difference was significant in these two groups(P<0.05),the results of the experimental group was better than the control group after the saving and the corneal transplantation(P<0.05).
Five mutant sites of VP1 gene synthesized artificially from cattle Foot-Mouth Disease Virus (FMDV) were rectified by overlap extension with high-fidelity thermostable DNA polymerase, the rate of success was 100 percent.
Theoretical Study of Electron Transfer Dynamics in Donor-Bridge-Acceptor Dissipative Systems
Conclusion NBI routine endoscopy can be applied to diagnose colorectal lesions,which is an new useful technology for detection of colorectal neoplasm.
Conclusion Both HBsAg and anti-HBc should be screened before immunosuppressive therapy in HBV patients.Prophylactic therapy with nucleoside analogues can obviously reduce HBV reactivation-related morbidity and mortality.HBV load should be reduced as low as possible before and during immunosuppressive therapy.
it has been possible to combine that genotypical and phenotypical information to validate the technique.
Conclusion The short-term efficacy and long-term survival rate of NPC patients are improved by concurrent chemoradiotherapy,but the toxic reactions of concurrent chemoradiotherapy are increased when compared with that of radiotherapy alone.
Relationship of p53 Gene Mutation with Pathological Characteri stics and Prognosis of Thyroid Carcinoma
Conclusion: FQ-PCR is a simple,rapid,sensitive,and specific method for detection of the rubella virus infection.
Study of mitochondrial DNA mutations in children with dilated cardiomiopathy
the present invention is directed to a process for the preparation of lactic acid wherein a pentose-containing substrate is homolactically fermented by a moderately thermophilic bacillus species, which ferments anaerob- ically.
The statistical properties of the complex amplitude and the intensity of the interferometric field in holographic interferometry are derived by means of the statistical method. It is hown that the complex amplitude is a zero-mean circular complex Gaussian random process, the intensity obeys a hegative exponential proba-biliby density function and the ensemble average of the intensity represents the deformation information.
The abundant expressions of proteins involved in respiratory and photosynthetic energy metabolism were identified in the CL,such as ATP synthase α and β subunit,NAD(P) Rossmann fold binding protein,cytoplasmic malate dehydrogenase,mitochondrial aldehyde dehydrogenase subunit,and Rubisco subunit protein.
Methods: A total of 250 patients with carotid atherosclerosis plaque who were therapied in our hospital average randomly divided into two groups: rosuvastatin group(n=125) and routine therapy control group(control group,n=125).Rosuvastatin group was given rosuvastatin in 10mg per night,routine therapy control group was given treatment without rosuvastatin.Two groups both were evaluated for 6 months.
In the blood analysis method according to this embodiment, as hereinabove described, the step of generating the side fluorescent light signals, the forward scattered light signals and the side scattered light signals from the measurement sample free from a labeling substance is provided, whereby the side fluorescent light signals, the forward scattered light signals and the side scattered light signals can be obtained by employing intrinsic fluorescence of the eosinophils in the measurement sample without labeling on the measurement sample.
establishment of chemiluminescent immunoassay for determination of alpha-fetoprotein
All of the PCR test results of the 20 sources of non-TB sputum samples were negative and the coincidence rate was 100. 0%.
[Results] Six pesticides whose therapeutic efficacy and antifungus rate are both more than 40% are triazoles 25% WP,propiconazole 25% EC,dimetachlone 40% WP,dimethomorph 50% WP,triflumizole 30% WP and mancozeb 80% WP.
Results : Compared with controls,significant difference was found on the memory,name,language,orientation,attention,executive function,visuospatial and visuo-constructive function at 3days.
Lifestyle-related diseases such as diabetes , hypertension , and hyperlipemia , which are rapidly increasing in recent years , are considered to be closely related to dietary life , and emphasis is placed on the prevention thereof by improved dietary life .
A compound hypoglycemic medicine in the form of tablet, capsule, particles, or powder for decreasing the sugar, pressure, fat and viscosity of blood
Results The median survival time in stageⅠ patients was more than 144. 0 months,and in stage Ⅱ,Ⅲ and Ⅳ was 95. 7,132.0 and 26. 8 months,respectively.Two hundred and eighteen cases(61. 1%) were of acral malignant melanoma.Multivariate survival analysis showed that the staging at the first examination and ulceration were independent prognostic factors affecting survival.
Conclusion Acute organophosphate poisoning with long,reduce use "total and maintain time atropine,and not long river,lower mortality," rather than is a good effect and atropine adverse reaction of new anticholinergic medicines.
Results Main symptoms of 22 cases were as follows: cough in 22 cases, fever in 8, haemoptysis in12, weight loss in 9, dyspnea in2, etc
The Liuwei Dihuang Decoction Interferes the Research of the Function to the Apoptosis of the Lymphoid Cell
a cytoprotective role of the heat shock protein HSP70 has now been described in a wide variety of human diseases ,
Study on Preparation and Separation of Chemical Components with Anti-angiogenic Activity from Glycyrrhiza Uraiensis Fisch. by High-speed Counter-current Chromatography
Effect of inhaled budesonide on airway remodeling in asthmatic rats
high glucose injury to human glomerular endothelial cell: mechanism and protection.
CONCLUSION: The validate test of serum of NPC patients identified that sICAM-1,SAA1 and HSP70 are significative in NPC diagnosis.
Combined Effect of Recombinant Mutant Human TRAIL and Daunorubicin in Inducing Apoptosis of Leukemia Cell and Its Mechanism
Clinical Effects of Hyperbaric Oxygen on Hypothyroidism After ~(131)I Therapy
For 5% to 10% of those genes, the DNA methylation patterns, which affect how genes are expressed, are different between IVF and non-IVF children.
【Objective】 To investigate the characteristics of diet in simple obese children.
The activities of urease, protease, cellulase and catalase were not significantly affected by continuous tobacco cropping
Conclusion 5-ASA has anti-inflammatary and analgesic effect.
Objectives:This study was to determine the influence of vitamin A、E、C-added TPN on barrier of small bowel mucosa in severely intraabdominal septic rats.
Objective To observe the effects of IZL-2003 immunotherapy system on marrow suppression and quality of life after treatment by chemoradiotherapy for patients with malignant tumor.
The effect of ionic strength of buffer solution on the redox reaction of Cyt c was evaluated.The results showed that the ionic strength of buffer solution had little to do with the redox reaction of Cyt c in the range of 0. 03-0. 30 mol/L
ii) dispersing electrically conductive particles in the polymeric resin;
Effect of Prevention of Intestinal Nutrition-related Diarrhea with Fresubin and Nutritive Rice Flour for Patients with Severe Cerebral Trauma
Results:The phlegm-damp syndrome and qi deficiency syndrome were more common than other syndromes,respectively had 46 patients(71. 9%),39 patients(60. 9%),and followed by blood stasis syndrome with 16 patients(25. 0%).
Analysis on Field Emission Scanning Electron Microscope (FE-SEM) Image of Negative Active Material
in that step a, the reason why the synthesize cDNA was digested with IIS type restriction enzyme 1 was that the cleavage site digest by the enzyme could be prepared as a tag binding site and in fact it was easy to use the area for binding with tag because the cleavage site for 5' overhangs.
cytokine controlling device, treating device and treating method
conventional urodynamics testing does not provide a direct measure of bladder muscle activities.
Objective To compare the effects of ultrasonic atomizing inhalation and oxygen atomizing inhalation on SaO2 saturation of patients with stroke combined with pulmonary infections.
Preliminary Screening Disease-Specific Proteins of Parkinson’s Disease
Progress in the Research on Animal Models of Rheumatoid Arthritis
Known oximeter systems use light signals to detect the blood oxygen concentration.
further more, no difference was seen between prevention and normal groups (P>0. 05) and GZHQ was superior to Dongbaogantai in all aspects (P<0. 05).
When using ITS1/ITS4 as the first round primes and F1/ITS4 as the second round primes,the detection sensitivity increased 10 000-fold to 10 fg.The detection sensitivity for the soil pathogens was 200-conidia per gram soil.
Diagnosis of childhood narcolepsy and significance of HLA in its diagnosis
In one embodiment the subject is a pig which is in need of vaccination against Postweaning Multisystemic Wasting Syndrome (PMWS).
methyl tert-butyl ether may be added to a lithium composition to improve the stability of the lithium composition.
Preconditioning reduces endothelin content in coronary sinus during ischemia reperfusion
Side-to-side Anastomosis of Distal End of Sequential Vein Grafts to Small Target Arteries in Coronary Artery Bypass Grafting
In our earlier PCT patent application, W09858619, it was believed that the activator had to be a polymer activator containing repeating units which contained at least seven carbon atoms in total and at least four carbon atoms in the backbone as well as being a carboxylic acid or alkali metal salt thereof.
Objective To evaluate CT and DSA features of liver cholangiocarcinoma, in order to improve the knowledge in diagnosing liver cholangiocarcinoma.
Conclusions The method of feeding the elderly patients at semi-recumbent position with feeding speed of 10 ~ 15 mL /min may be meaningful for preventing aspiration in mechanically ventilated elderly patients receiving long-term enteral nutrition.
METHODS: Cultured human umbilical vein endothelial cells(HUVECs) were treated with MLT(125,250 and 500 μmol/L) for 2,4 and 6 h and the survival rate of HUVECs was detected with thiazole blue(MTT) assay.
Detection of a high pH, an increased skin hydration resulting in a measurable increase in conductance or decrease in impedance of skin, a specific microorganism, fecal enzymes, etc. may also be used to predict potential skin irritation.
Objective To observe the clinical effect of two kinds of fast-track anesthesia in endoscopic thyroidectomy.
CONCLUSION:Compound Xueshuantong capsule combined with laser can relieve symptoms quickly and reduce recurrence,which was a good method for CSC.
in ord to expand that overlying skin either so that a prosthesis can lat be inserted or so that skin can be generated for grafting
Photoelastic Study and Clinical Practice of Orthodontia
Objective:To explore the difference in variance of weights(s2w) between two models and its correlation with I-square of heterogeneity(I2) in meta-analyses.
As described above, increased flow rate is achieved firstly by adding the polymer and secondly by adding the particulate material in suspension.
12. A method of treatment which comprises administering an amount of the pharmaceutical composition of claim 11 which is effective (a) to achieve antinociception where there is visceral pain, rheumatoid arthritis, abdominal postsurgery symptoms or acute or chronic pain,
Studies on DNA Amplification Fingerprinting of Cortex Magnoliae Officinalis
Under the comparison of the synthesis methods, Fluticason Propionate is synthesized from Flumethasone by oxidation, esterification, acylation, alcoholysis, fluoromethylation.The result showed that total yield of the five steps can reach 60. 1
the amplify DNA fragments were subclone into a plasmid PCRII-TOPO USING TA CLONING KIT. RTM. ( in Vitrogen ).
Effect evaluation of iodine deficiency disorders prevention on children aged 8 to 10 in Linxia Autonomous Prefecture of Gansu
the soft polymer particles are made by a select process including redox polymerization or polymerization in the presence of excess unreacted monomer.
Conclution:The tongue parameters are certain related with the quality of life,it means the tongue parameters can be used as one of the clinical efficacy indicator to evaluate the lung cancer treatment of TCM or Combining Chinese and Western medicine.
Pig airway epithelial cells (AEC) were cultured in vitro by an enzyme dispersed method. The E cadherin (ECD) expression in AECs was detected by using immunocytochemistry and in situ hybridization after exposure to interleukin 1¦Â(IL 1¦Â) and tumor necrosis factor ¦Á(TNF ¦Á).
I know how he hates when he is defied by a patient.
Factors of Affecting Mcrobial Fermentative Hydrogen Production
Study on apoptosis of lung tissue cells in patients with severe brain injury com plicated with aspiration-induced lung injury
and progressive multi-focal contact lenses.
painful duration was (16±4)h in group A and (48±16)h in group B( t=-31.07,P <0.001);
the coating releases a restenosis-inhibiting amount of a macrocyclic triene compound having an alkyl group substituent at carbon position 40 in the compound.
The results also proved that LAMP method is a reliable and accurate assay for rapid detection of goose parvovirus.This assay offers a new technique and alternative for detecting goose parvovirus.
but most of these diseases appear as a complication of a previously existing disorder .
【Objective】A reverse genetic technical platform of the classic swine fever virus(CSFV) Chinese strain was established and used to study the propagated mechanism of C strain of CSFV in cell culture and to develop DIVA marker vaccine.
study of that effect of Astragalus polysaccharide on the density of epidermal Langerhans cell of SLE mice
Study and Applicationon of Phenyl Urea Derivatives
HPLC Determination of Gentiopicroside in Radix Gentianae
HIGH RISK FACTORS OF DISSEMINATED INTRAVASCULAR COAGULATION IN VERY LOW BIRTH-WEIGHT INFANTS
The culture vessel is preferably aerated and can be stirred depending on necessity, and for example, a mechanically stirred culture vessel, an air-lift type culture vessel, a bubble tower type culture vessel and the like may be used.
Among 33 cases with follow-up data,neither of the time of achieving hematologic complete remission nor molecular complete remission was correlated with the age,initial WBC and the expression level of the PML/RARα transcripts.
The micro-balls under study were precrosslinked polymer particles prepared by inverse microemulsion polymerization of AM, AA, and crosslinking comonomer and purified by demulsification, precipitation, separation, and extraction
RAPD analysis of Anabaena-free Azolla and its application in the study of interspecific relationships within section Azolla
the invention provides methods for treating ibd in a feline suffering from ibd.
Vgb coming from the Vitreoscilla hemoglobin genes is adopted to construct an expression vector pJC1-tac-vgb of the corynebacterium crenatum;
Methods:28 cases two or three-part fractures of the humerus for the study patients,the type of fracture of humeral shaft fractures are associated with proximal and distal humerus fractures,application locking compression plate(LCP) minimally invasive treatment of humeral fractures in patients with two or three parts.
Extended Spectrum β-Lactamases Genes in Multidrug-resistant Pseudomonas aeruginosa
biphasic versus monophasic waveform [abstract].
Clinical Value of Multiple Tumor Markers Protein Biochip Detective System for Malignant Tumor
the invention has the advantages that after the injection is applied, the clinical treatment effect is obvious in a week, the action is lasting,
The changes were returned to nomal after 72h and 168h of reperfusion.
Conclusion: Evidence-based pharmacy play a role in the adverse drug reaction monitoring work.
Study on Synthesis of Alkyl Gallates by Tannase and Application of Them
study on improve that stability of bovine milk immunoglobulins by microencapsulation
use of a copolymer comprising styrene or a similar hydrophobic monomer and ( meth ) acrylic acid or a low molecular weight ( 500-50,000 ) copolymer of an a-olefin and maleic anhydride as an emulsifier is known.
A ribonucleotide (RNA) probe, or a chimeric oligonucleotide probe composed of ribonucleotide(s) and deoxyribonucleotide(s), that is labeled with two or more fluorescent substances positioned at a distance that results in a quenching state can be used in the detection method of the present invention.
Another object of the present invention is to provide a method and a means for detecting blood leakage from a wound in a large vein upon an accidental removal of a dialysis needle inserted through the wound.
surgical treatment of cardiac cachexia in valve disease
ETIOLOGIC AND PATHOGENIC STUDY ON GLUTEAL MUSCLE CONTRACTURE
METHODS : AP model was induced by retrograde injection of sodium deoxycholate into bilipancreatic duct in rats.
Separation of Tryptophan in Enzymatic Synthesis
A study on mechanism of the effect in treating pollinosis with point injection therapy through asthma (pant) acupoint and stellate ganglion sealing
The polymer electrolyte fuel cell of the present invention exhibits an excellent performance with an efficient electrode reaction; by providing a layer comprising an electroconductive fine particle between the catalytic reaction layer and the gas diffusion layer in the electrodes; by providing a hydrogen ion diffusion layer on at least either surface of the catalyst particle or the carrier, which carries the catalyst particle in the catalytic reaction layer; or by constituting the catalytic reaction layer with at least a catalyst comprising a hydrophilic carbon material with catalyst particles carried thereon and a water repellent carbon material.
The growth processes and characteristics of polycrystalline diamond films and epitaxial diamond films by microwave plasma CVD (Chemical Vapor Deposition) method are presented in the paper. Polycrystalline diamond films, 20mm×20mm in area and 10μm thick, on silicon (111) substrates and epitaxial diamond films, 1.0mm×1.0mm in area and 5μm thick on (100) planes of synthesized single-crystal diamond substrates were prepared respectively.
The improvement of menstruation and recurrent adhesion were followed up.Results Positive expression of CTGF and TGF-β1 were found in the normal endometrium,the endometrium of IUA patients and the adhesive tissue with rates of 75. 00% and 78. 80%,80.
Foxp3 and cytokine intracellular expression in CD4t T cells after 5 days
② Significant decrease in serum APN level were found in the patients with SAP,UAP and AMI relative to those of the control group(P<0.01);But there was no correlation between SAP,UAP and AMI.
Methods: The attacks were graded into A group (1 organ failure), B group (2 organs failure), C group (3 or more organs failure) in 70 patients with critical disorders.
3 . the process of Claim 1 wherein the protein and / or a peptide composition of myofibrillar proteins and sarcoplasmic proteins is applied to at least one surface of said uncooked food .
Thus, the endoscope control portion 69 controls the endoscopic apparatus 100 as a whole.
An aqueous solution of 1% (w/v) sodium alginate (UP-VLVG, Mw=41 kDa; NovaMatrix FMC Biopolymers, Drammen, Norway) was filter-sterilized using a 0.2 .m u.m membrane (Millipore) prior to use.
And it decreases significantly in 11 patients whose stomach carcinoma have been operated(P<0. 01).
influence of cnidium Monnieri on ultrastructure of human sperm
the local defects of the other 3 patients were located at the medial femoral condyle with defect area of 2.0-2.5 cm2, which was diagnosed either as chondomalacia or corruption.
Study of Green Tea on Mice Purgative Function
The invention is directed to a process for refining prepared biomass to produce hemicellulose hydrolyzates, cellulose or sugars involving the perforate at least a portion of the cells of the prepared biomass prior to hydrolyzing the biomass, reclaiming the catalysts used in hydrolysis for further hydrolysis, and drying the hydrolysis using reclaimed heat from previous steps in the process.
include ascorbic acid solubilized by a cross-linked non-emulsifying siloxane elastomer in a carry medium of a volatile siloxane
The CT localization of x-ray knife treatment
Quantum Chemical Studies on the Effect of the Substituent Number and Position on Second Order Nonlinear-optical Coefficients of Substituted 1,3,5-hexatrience
the treatment fluid can be an acid for acid fracturing of the zone 6oc or a chemical activator for activating zone 6oc.
ANALYSIS OF SOME PRIMATE KERATINS BY ISOELECTRIC FOCUSING
Anti-TNF-α monocolonal antibodies(ATMA) are major medication for patients with corticosteroid-refractory and/or corticosteroid-dependent inflammatory bowel disease(IBD) at present.
PCR products were cloned into Xba I/Pst I-digested pGL3-M reporter vector,placing the 3’-UTR with potential microRNA binding sites downstream of coding sequence of luciferase.Mutant 3’UTRs were generated by overlap extension PCR method.The construct was cotransfected in 293T cells with control plasmid or plasmids expressing microRNAs regulating HOXA9 potentially.
in that third acquisition mode, any one of the tongue image of a patient can be used a color reference image for the other tongue image for the same patient.
hydroxy 3-methoxybenzene
After that,the baculoviral stock can be used to infect Sf9 cells for DEK expression.
Doppler ultrasound provides a noninvasive technique for studying the adaption process of circulation in newborn
Study on the Organsilicon-modified Acrylate-styrene Microemulsion Coatings by Photopolymerization
the invention relates to a procaryotic gene work bacterium restructuring and expressing soluble IL-4 acceptor, which is characterized in that the related strain has a restructuring expression carrier containing sIL-4R gene fragment.
Methods:114 cases of severe asphyxia newborns were divided into two groups ,of which 64 patients with laryngeal mask airway, 50 patients with tracheal intubation.
Experimental study of inhibitory effects of EPA to the adenocarcinoma of lung cell
b. particular attention should be brought to complex forms of disadvantage in which racial discrimination is mixed with other causes of discrimination (such as those based on age, sex and gender, religion, disability and low socio-economic status).
Study of the Viscous Character of Hydroxyethyl Cellulose in Aqueous Solution
Extracting Soluble Dietary Fibre from Defatted Rice Bran
Exon polymorphism of human RHD gene
A continuous ring of scar tissue extending 360 degrees about the inner circumference of the airway 100 may significantly decrease the cross-sectional area of the airway lumen, thereby significantly increasing airflow resistance.
Primary clinical application of occlusion in internal carotid artery
In higher animals, contraction became the specialized function of muscle cells.
Continuous Biosynthesis of Epoxypropane Using Whole Cells of Methylomonas sp. GYJ3;
Compounds, methods and pharmaceutical compositions for treating viral infections, by administering certain compounds in therapeutically effective amounts are disclosed.
Studies on the Syntheses and Crystal Structures of the Complexes Bridged by the Ligand of 4,4'-Bipyridine
molecular cloning techniques for producing recombinant molecules are known in the art and have been described in several places,
Effect of Boron on Microstructure of Lymph Nodes and Retina in Rats
Adventitious root induction and in vitro culture of Panax notoginseng
Polysaccharides from Stemona tuberosa Lour:Determination of Molecular Weights and Monosaccharide Compositions
Conclusion:The antioxidant activity of rutin-Ge(Ⅳ) is better than rutin,and rutin-Ge(Ⅳ) could be a novel free radical scavenger.
Results 1. The level of EIIAF in patients with hyperlipoidemia was lower than normal controls,there were significant difference in EIIAF(P<0.01).
patients with pseudobulbar paralysis resulting from ischemic cerebral infarction were treated with polysaccharide sulphate (PSS) or Troxerutin (TR) and their clinical curative effect and laboratory parameters were studied
Development of a compound canola seed-coating agent containing Bacillus amyloliquefaciens B9601-Y2
Relativity among PreS1-antigen,HBV Markers and HBV-DNA
the produce product is washed by deionize water and then dried under vacuum
in a LB liquid medium contain a final concentration of 30. mu. g/ml of kanamycin, that host bacteria BL21 ( pET-0577G09) were cultured at 37. degree. C. to the exponential growth phase, then IPTG was adde to the final concentration of 1 mmol/L, the cells were cultured for another 5 hours, and then centrifuge to harvest the bacteria
and (v) sequences comprising at least 6 contiguous nucleotides of a sequence provided in SEQ ID NO: 11-30.
Objective:To evaluate the efficacy and toxicity of gefitinib in treatment of patients with non-small cell lung cancer(NSCLC)who failed to previous chemotherapy.
surgical salvage for that primary recurrence of laryngeal canc
The results showed that LVSP, dp/dt_(max), CO, MAP were markedly increased and LVEDP was decreased by ACⅡ, suggesting that ACⅡ can improve heart function, and increase cardiac contraction and cardiac output of cat with heart-failure and cardiogenic shock.
By reviewing pertinent literature which are related to adiponectin or acute lung injury(ALI) to investigate the potential role and mechanisms of adiponectin in ALI.
Ultra low doses of rT3 give similar results than low doses (FIG. 52).
Conclusion: GRE with RC and 30° flip angle is an efficent method for MRP being able to demonstrate the main portal vein and its branches, and helpful to diagnosis and surgery.
Pyrazine derivatives useful as adenosine receptor antagonists
Syndrome of the lower urinary tract
Changes of serum NO/iNOS after whole abdominal irradiation in rats
Magnetic immunochromatographic strip for detection of TP antibody and preparation method thereof
Effect of alcohol on cytokines in hepatic tissue
The application of allograft interbody fusion cage to anterior cervical spine interbody fusion
the suspend agent is chosen from sodium carboxymethyl cellulose, mannitol, and that like, and is used for suspend the active components or suspending the slow release particles or microsphere containing anticancer active components
Ordinarily fewer microorganisms are present in colonized tissue than in infected tissue.
This study was conducted to investigate the effects of different concentrations of insulin(INS) in medium on expression levels of αs1-casein(CSN1S1) gene,mammalian target of rapamycin(mTOR) and Janus kinase-signal transducer and activator of transcription(JAK-STAT) signaling pathway related genes.Holstein bovine mammary epithelial cells were treated with different concentrations(0,2.5,25.0,250.
the SEQ ID No. 1 has one base mutant ( 120T-120C ) in that 120th base site lead to the MunI-RFLP polymorphism, and one base mutant ( 309T-309G ) in the 309th base site leading to the SacI-RFLP polymorphism.
Additionally,the expressions of ADAM9 and VEGF proteins were closely correlated with the tumor invasion into the sclera(all P 0. 05).
3.The optimum pH for enzymatic reaction is 7-12.And the enzyme is sensitive to temperature.
the curing expense for patients of pregnant women with the disease of acne is low
although not considered to be highly contagious, prion diseases can be transmitted by certain high risk tissues, including the brain, spinal cord, cerebral spinal fluids, and the eye.
Treatment of malignat tumors of the spine
Leaf blade angustate triangular, base truncate or shallowly cordate, lateral basal nerves reaching to the middle-lower margin; inflorescences straight; achene verrucose.
Dose-effect of human pancreatic carcinoma cell apoptosis induced by focused ultrasound with different radiation patterns
Treatment approaches with anti-angiogenetic substances are based on the assumption that they may inhibit the choroidal neovascularisations.
Promotion of the Healing Process of Refractory Wound by hVEGF165 Gene Transfected with DMSCs
In addition, no clinical signs or signs of systemic intolerance were noted during treatment.
Of the three exogenous substances,NO at 0. 25 mmol/L greatly improved the resistance of C. obtusifolia L. seedlings to salt stress.
this fact was first confirmed by the inventors and is based on the finding that when lak cells and i-lak cells were separately cultured in the absence of il-2 protein for 60 days, the viability of lak cells and i-lak cells are 0 % and about 90 % at day 60 of culture, respectively ( example 4, fig. 2 ).
Aescin and dexamethasone were used as control drugs.
Influence of large-dose spironolactone on concentration of angiotensinⅡin rat hepatic fibrosis
In this paper we study the global stability of an isolation SIQR epidemic model with nonlinear incidence rate.We have obtained a threshold value R and shown that there is only a disease free equilibrium point when R > 1,and there is also an endemic equilibrium point if R < 1.With the help of Liapunov function,we have shown that disease free- and endemic equilibrium point is globally stable.
The caudal anterior component 112 may include a caudal articulating surface such as a curved protrusion 118.
Ten soybean cultivars which had been released in Hei Longjiang province during different periods were tested at four different ecological localifies with two seeding rates. Results of the study showed that high and stable yield of soybean should be based upon a certain adaptable ecological type. The plant height, number of branches, number of pods on branches, and length of internodes of Soybeans are positively correlated with yield on alkaline and unfertile soil of An Da county therefore soybea
Results:The incidence of autogenous arteriovenous fistula is 1/312,and no infection among 3 cases with arteriovenous graft.
Many types of stem cells,including embryonic stem(ES) cells,induced pluripotent stem(iPS) cells,and somatic stem cells,have been shown to be able to differentiate into insulin-producing cells either in vitro or in vivo,which could ameliorate hyperglycemia in diabetic animal models.
Phenotypic data of five traits, namely birth weight(BW), weaning weight(WW), weaning daily gain(WDG) , 1.5-yeal weight(1.5-YW) and 2.5-year weight(2.5-YW), was analyzed based on daughter design to locate the putative QTL affecting the relevant traits.
inspire by that facts that the information code can improve the capacity of associative moemory and that brain has active mechanism, an active mechanism, an active odetive memory model is propose
Problems that should be pay attention to in clinical teaching
in that pharmacodynamic study of the ulinastatin for resis shock, the ulinastatin also can improve the average arterial blood pressure and the average arterial blood flow of superior mesenteric artery occlusion shock of rats
The effect of mutton tenderness with ripening time,and the sensory quality of mutton canned with the amount of the spices adding are also studied.
Objective:It has caused serious concern about phthalates,called ’plasticizers’,being added to certain foods and benerages manufactured in Taiwan.There have been several studies suggest that phthalate compounds have caused reproductive systems abnormalities of animals,but the association between immune system and phthalate esters is unknown.
Protective Effect of Yixinyin on Myocardial Ischemia-Reperfusion Injuries
Expression of CD44v6 in colorectalcancer and its clinicalsignificance
The FT-IR analyses for residues and GC/MS measurements for the oils reveal that cornstalk cellulose was liquefied through deploymerization in supercritical ethanol,and the main components of oils are ketone and ethyl ester and their derivatives.
Objective:To compare the postoperative recovery effect of stored autohemotransfusion and homogeneous blood transfusion.
viability / mortality,
Clinical features of primary hepatic carcinoma: An analysis of 90 cases
isoflavone-enriched soy protein product
Results The diagnostic coincident rate was 70% by transabdominal sonography, and 96% by combined application transabdominal and transperineal sonography.
Results1 Different levels of interstitial and alveolar edema , the infiltration and activation of inflammation cells could be seen in the high tidal volume group and the conventional tidal volume group.
Oxidative efficiency of ozonation of 2-(2,4-dichlorophenoxy) propionic acid in the presence of V2O5-TiO2-AlF3/Al2O3
Hormone therapy is preferred over chemotherapy for patients with ER+ tumors, a disease-free interval of > 2 yr, or disease that is not life threatening
The bacterial community in human hepatolithiasis and bile coming from six patients were examined by culture-dependent approach and polymerase chain reaction-denaturing gradient gel electrophoresis(PCR-DGGE).
In this series, sclerotic type, osteolytic type and mixed type were 20%, 50%and 30%, respectively
Epidermal transfer factor(ETF)
since that dose of mirtazapine suitable for obtain the synergistic effect with paracetamol or an NSAID on headache is far below the amount in currently available dosing unit, it is another aspect of the invention that it discloses the use of mirtazapine for the manufacture of a medicament for the treatment of headache, which treatment comprises the administration of mirtazapine with a unit treatment dose comprising more than 0. 1 and less than 5 mg mirtazapine, which in other word is a unit treatment dose ( within the range ) between 0. 1 and 5 mg mirtazapine.
the nutritional composition can be capable of inducing enzymatic activity in mammal to reduce that incidence of cancer
For example, Loshkin et al. , (2006, Cancer Res. 66: 7758-7765) report that adenosine inhibits activation and cytokine production in killer T cells.
These phenomena are regarded as the major mechanism of killing the cancer cells. The blocking rate on the nitrosation of morpholine was 92.4
Twenty-one and 9 out of the 30 Xa genes are dominant and recessive,respectively.
Conventional PCR duration for HBV (45 cycles) would take about 2 hours.
Effects of benazepril and valsartan on ACE expression in heart and kidney of spontaneously hypertensive rats
Recombinant escherichia coli capable of producing phosphatidase C, phosphatidase C preparation method, and applications of phosphatidase C
the pharmaceutical combinations and compositions of the invention may also be useful in the treatment of menstrual cramps or spastic or interstitial cystitis.
study of ubiquinone content in myocardium of patient with keshan disease
TGF β 1 in cortex infarction group was higher than that of subcortex group( P <0.05);
relationship between distribution of plasma mac- 2bp and clinicopathologic factors - the relationship between the distribution of plasma mac-2bp and the clinicopathologic factors of gastric cancer
a substance that reduces the absorption of dietary fat without the unpleasant side effects of the current medications is extremely desirable .
These safety parameters were therefore the primary measures in the clinical trial programme.
Effect of Xuezhikang on endothelial function in aged patients with hyperlipidemia
These results confirmed that a synthetic hemoglobin gene, driven by the apramycin resistance gene promoter, was transcribed and expressed in S. spinosa under fermentation conditions.
and the culture medium hormone
As it was previously suggested that exenterative surgery after RT is more difficult, we also sought to determine the surgical complication rates in these patients
In addition to vaccine applications, as one skilled in the art can readily understand, the vectors of the invention can be used in gene therapy methods to introduce therapeutic gene products into a patient's cells and in cancer therapy.
The next aim of this research project is thus to discover new gene regions connected to tail chasing
The Applications of Commercialized PCR based Detection Technology on Diagnosis of Shrimp White Spot Syndrome Virus(WSSV)
PURPOSE:This study was conducted to evaluate the acoustic characteristic changes of the vowel and fricative [s] after maxillary distraction osteogenesis by using a rigid external distraction device (RED) in cleft lip and palate patients with maxillary dysplasia
The traditional Chinese medicine composition gives full play to characteristics of traditional Chinese medicine, has rich resources, is cheap in price, can be widely applied to extensive patients, reduces toxic and side effects of antiviral drug, and has an obvious curative effect in terms of treating the acquired immunodeficiency syndrome.
Objective: The term tethered cord syndrome has been used to describe a constellation of symptoms and findings that are though to be caused by traction on the end of the spinal cord. This tension or tration by the adhension of the dura mater or spinal canal restricts the spinal cord's regular retraction to the head side.
study on preparation and bond Properties of soy-based protein adhesive modify by phenol
suspend into distilled wat, extracting with dichlormethane, and separating to obtain a water lay; extracting that water layer with ethyl acetoacetate, ethanol or aqueous solution thereof or butanol or mixture thereof; concentrating under reduced pressure;
Filtergrams of 1B/M1-M4 Ha flare starting at 22h25m of November 11, 1980 are digitized, and isophote lines are drawn in order to compare with hard X-ray, soft X-ray and microwave burst images.
the present invention discloses one kind of chronic nephritis treating Chinese medicine composition and its preparation process and quality control method.
it is advantageous to use highly dilute phosphoric acid in which an economic source of phosphate, such as certain phosphate ores contain p2o5 or residues from that calcination of animal flour, also rich in phosphates, is dissolved.
As blue emitting materials,one of the major problems for blue polyfluorenes-red-hifted EL emission,which leads to undesired color purity and color stability.A series of hyperbranched polyfluorenes were synthesized via Suzuki polycondensation.The results showed that the red shifted emission in the polyfluorene could be inhibited effectively with increasing of branched degree.All the copolymers have good solubility in common solvents.The maximum external quantum efficiency of 2.1% was achieved for polymer PFB...;
Sample preparation of dendritic cells for scanning electron microscopy
A study on differentiation in aggressiveness of Sclerotinia sclerotiorum
Genetic Parameters Study of Seed Color and Hundred-seed Weight and SSR Markers Analysis New Varieties or Lines in Adzuki Bean (Vigna Angularis) Germplasm
A development observation of blood vessel active substances on acute pulmonary embolism caused by echinococus granulous cyst
Train of Thought for the Quantification of Syndrome Differentiation in Traditional Chinese Medicine(TCM
Study of the development characteristics of intracranial artery bifurcations in human embryos.
After intravenous injection of yohimbine(1 mg · kg-1),take blood from orbit at different time points,the yohimbine concentrations in rat plasma were detected by HPLC.The pharmacokinetic parameters were calculated by DAS 2. 1. 1 program.
Study on the Biomass Production of Castanopsis kawakamii Seedling in Xiaohu Region of Fujian
Effect of fas gene transfection on biological characteristics of tongue squamous cell carcinoma cell line Tca8113 cells
Through the amount of the modifier in the second process step, the temperature of the reaction, and the duration of the reaction it is possible to control the properties of the resultant silica sols, such as the polarity and the redispersibility.
The paper presents that how it improves the quality of imaging by the Digital Encode Ultrasound technology,the latest invention of General Electric Company,from the side of medical ul¡¥trasound imaging technology.
Mapping-based Cloning and Functional Analysis of COI1 Suppressor, COS1 Gene in Arabidopsis
Methods:The surgery was performed on 68 eyes of 50 patients mainly with senile cataracts by a 3 2-3 8mm sclera tunnel sutureless incision.
Resistance of isoniazid dependent and resistant strains of Mycobacterium tuberculosis to anti-tuberculosis drugs
Methods The time, inducement, anterior chamber exudate and cortex lentis residue of 13 cases were observed.
Methods MRI was peformed in 25 neonates with HIE with 7 days of life.
53. A method for treating or preventing a bacterial or protozoal infection in an animal comprising administering to the animal a therapeutically effective amount of a compound or salt of claim.
The long-term or short-term use of high-dose of adrenocorticotropic hormone can cause avascular necrosis of femoral head,which has drawn attention extensively in the field of medical science.
For the purpose of clarifying the confusion around chronic myelomon-cytic leukemia(CMML), we made a retrospective analysis of 35 cases of CMML diagnosed at our hospital between Jun. 1985 and Oct. 1995, according to the criteria of FAB cooperative group (FAB criteria
The symptoms of dry eye preoperatively and 1 week,1 month,3 and 6 months after operation were observed,fluorescein staining(FL),Schirmer Ⅰ test,tear break-up time(BUT)were performed.
Sensitized Lanthanide Luminescence in AOT Reversed Micelles--Purine Compounds as Energy Donor
Study of Enhancing Effect of Selenium on Anti-turmor Function of T-lymphocyte in Colonic Cancer Cell
Methods Descriptive method and analysis was used to study the data of maternal mortality .
The large Ia fibers, after passing through the dorsal funiculus, entered the grey matter, formed a lens-shaped dense terminating area medial to the laminae Ⅴ-Ⅵ, and, traversing the center of lamina Ⅵ, radiated to the intermediolateral nucleus region and the motor nuclei region of the ventral horn (lamina
Starch biosynthesis, properties, applications and the development trend of transgenically modified starch were summarized in the article.
Due to the poor sensitivity and specificity,the animal experiments used now cannot effectively instruct clinical rational drug use.
Food nursing of hepatic coma
smooth muscle cell were isolated from aortic graft obtained from patients undergoing surgery for aortic aneurysm with insertion of aortic graft or from either aortic graft or graft of that iliaca vessels from transplantation donors.
the principal nerve of that less curvature of the stomach
Comparison of the Clinical Effect Between Laparoscopic and Open Appendectomy for Acute Gangrenous Appendicitis
Conclusion TCT combined with HPV detection in the diagnosis of precancerous lesions of vterine corvix has higher sensitivity,specificity and accuracy,it has certain clinical value.
Calculated by Nei formulae, the genetic similarity index ranged from 0.729 0 to 0.937 7, averaging 0.863 4, and the genetic distance index was between 0.062 3 and 0.271 0, averaging 0.136 7. These results indicate that Qianbei-Pockmarked goats have high inter-individual genetic variation and abundant genetic structures.
Postoperative Lumbar Epidural Hematoma: Does Size Really Matter
According to the prediction results of single point mutated antigenic peptides by the optimal linear SVM model together with the contribution weights of selected variables,substrate specificity of TAP was summarized.
DAP, dose-area product; IVU, intravenous urography; MCU, micturating cystourethrogaphy
The phenol wastewater was treated by electrocatalytic oxidation-biodegradation technology. The electrocatalytic oxidation of phenol on Pt electrode had been studied by cyclic voltammetry and the effects of pH value, temperature, inoculation amount on biodegradation had been investigated
Wet processes require the addition of water or organic solvent to the blend, forming a wet blend, prior to forming the dosage form.
Conclusion:The effects of hemispheric stroke on heart function and cardiac autonomic nervous activity are mainly correlated with destruction of insular or regions adjacent to the insular.
In the case of surgical applications, examples of surgical or diagnostic tools include, but are not limited to, endoscopes, catheters, Doppler flow meters, microphones, probes, retractors, dissectors, staplers, clamps, graspers, scissors or cutters, and ablation or cauterizing elements.
In the past, when difficulties arose concerning the differentiation between benign and malignant body cavity fluid, only repeated searches for cancer cells on suspected patients or x-ray examinations and lymph node biopsies were possible. Recently, owing to the improvement in methods of examination and the development in cytogenetic study on tumour, it was found there was chromosome abnormalic in most of the malignant body cavity fluids
ResultsThe severity of chemotherapy-induced gastrointestinal reactions,mucositis,and peripheral nerve toxicity was milder,and patient satisfaction was higher,in the observation group than in the control group(P<0.05,P<0.01).
Conclusion: K-Ras and P53 gene mutations may be one of the main reasons leading to the occurrence and postoperative recurrence of hysteromyoma,which can be indicators for clinical diagnosis and prognosis.
The base is preferably used in an amount of from 1.5 to 8, preferably from 2 to 5, equivalents per mol of NTS (free acid).
In addition, the absorption of cholesterol in acat2 knockout mice are significantly reduced, which suggests ACAT2 is indispensable to cholesterol absorption
Study of bacteriolog for therapeutic effect of the Perioline on periodontitis
VP1 gene of Food-and-mouth disease virus serotype O was amplified by RT-PCR,then cloned into pET-32a.
intolerance in infant is often indicated by gastrointestinal symptom as well as behavioral characteristics
DMBAC Reverse Micelle System Extracted Soy Protein
spectrophotometric determination of Microamoun ts of Palladium with Propylfluorone-Cationic surfactant
Structures of TMJ were relatively symmetry between two sides of the two group.The condyles of the maxillary protrusion sample were more anterior than mandibular.Conclusion: The skeletal retrusion in the glenoid fossa.Compared with the mandibular retrusion sample,the condyle of the maxillary protrusion is wider and longer and the glenoid fossa is deeper and wider;the condyle is thiner and shorter and the glenoid fossa is shallower and narrower in the other sample.
Screening and Cloning of Salt-inducible Gene in Shortsubulate Barley (Hordeum Brevisubulatum (Trin.) Link)
The volume of cell-nucleus varied inversly as D50 of nucleus volume and no obvious correlation with the D50 of seedling growth inhibition.
A method is described for the determination of tetracyclines as complexes with Al3+ by reversed-phase high-performance liquid chIDInatogIahy and fluonence detection.
Applicatian of DGGE and T-RFPL on study of community configuration of microbe in composting process
it is also important to find a mean to prevent fragments or emboli generate by any blood clots that may have formed in that atrial appendages, from propagate through the blood stream to the heart muscle, brain or other body organs.
The mixture was stirred for 40 minutes at 50.degree. C., which was diluted with water (50 ml) and neutralized with 5% potassium hydrogensulfate, followed by extraction with ethyl acetate (60 ml).
since that dissociation constant of hypochlorous acid to 25 C is pKa = 7.49, it result that when the hypochlorite solution comes into contact with bodily fluid, the pH is modified and tends to approach neutrality, and thus the ratio between the ionized specie and neutral species tends to become equal
The pharmaceutical composition of the invention has significant effects for the treatment rhinitis,
The invention relates to an apparatus and a method for automating treadmill therapy for rehabilitating walking-disabled patients.
Cytogenetic and Molecular Genetic Studies in Human Esophageal Cancer
Cluster compounds 4 and 5 have a nido 11-vertex Pt2B9 polyhedral skeleton, in which two Pt atoms stay at neighbouring positions of the open Pt2B3 face and bridged by a PPh2 ligand. Each Pt atom was connected with three B atoms and a P atom of PPh3 ligand
Molecular Cloning and Sequence Analysis of High Affinity Fc Receptor for Bovine IgG
so that it can detect and analyze massive DNA molecule or RNA molcules once so as to solve that defects of that the traditional nucleic acid blot hybridization technique is complex, automation can not be raise and the number of detected object molecules is small.
infection with streptococcus sui
in one preferred embodiment the cancer is selected from the group consisting of brain , squamous cell , bladder , gastric , pancreatic , breast , head , neck , oesophageal , prostate , colorectal , lung , renal , kidney , ovarian , gynecological and thyroid cancer .
The Study on Determing Trace Dichromic with 2 - (5 - bromo - 2 - pyridylazo) - 5 - diethylammophenol - dichromic - thiocynate System
From 1990 to November 1996, 15 cases of incidental carcinoma of the prostate gland (ICPG)were detectdetected. The incidence rate of ICPG in this grou was 4. 1 %. The diagnosis of pathlogy reported 12 ofad~rna,3 of nondifferentiate. Among theose, 8 were highly differentiated and 7 poorly differentiated. After ICPG wasdiagnosed, all cases were operated by bilateral orchiectomy. The incidence rate, diagnosis, treatment and prognosiswere discussed.
the active ingredient may be compounded, for example, with that usual non-toxic, pharmaceutically and physiologically acceptable carrier for tablets, pellets, capsules, troche, lozenges, aqueous or oily suspensions, dispersible powders or granules, suppositories, solutions, emulsions, suspensions, hard or soft capsules, caplets or syrups or elixirs and any other form suitable for use.
EP 0 484 281 A1 discloses the use of non-immunosuppressive cyclosporins in the treatment of AIDS or AIDS-related disorders.
Compound with antibacterial activity and preparation method thereof
Filter housing 222 encases the filter medium 226 to preserve the integrity and sterility of the filtration environment.
The application of tibialis anterior muscle and deep fascia flap in the treatment of tibial bone tumor with proximal tibial prosthesis
Therapy of Ventricular Arrhythmia
Objective To explore the clinical characteristics, diagnosis and treatment of ectopic thyroid gland(ETG) so as to reduce the misdiagnosis and improper treatment.
For example, the BPSD information selection portion 205 reads the BPSD information corresponding to the information from the BPSD development history data 203f to select the BPSD information of the patient in the case of receiving from the terminal device 10 information for specifying a patient such as a name, an age and the like of the patient as a target of data processing
in that 10th aspect of this invention, it provide a pharmaceutical composition comprising a safe and efficient amount of Rhor protein, or its agonist or antagonist and pharmaceutically acceptable carry
inoculate yeast, fermenting, distil under reduced pressure, removing alcohol, adde flavoring agent, reinforcer, perfume, etc., to obtain fermented beverage
Objective To study the preventive and therapeutic effect of extract of ginkgo biloba (EGb) on atherosclerosis (AS) in rats.
Dynamic Analysis of Apple Vinegar Production in liquid-State Fermentation
Conclusion Atractylenolide Ⅲ has notable protective effect on PC12 cells injury induced by hypoxia,EAA and calcium overloading.
It is expected that with the use of laser relatively large quantities of various material particles may be excited to the appointed quantum states while certain molecules in a mixture may be selectively excited by making use of the slight difference in atomic compositions, isotope species, directional structures, and nuclear excited states of the material molecules themselves
The imaging diagnosis of primary ureteral polyps
Assist thermal biofeedback was carried out using nerve reflex and regulation effect on main and collateral channels produced by electronic moxibustion. Thus promoting the skin temperature control by the cerebral cortex with production of target reaction and acceleration of cybernetic loop formation, i.e., enabling voluntary control of skin temperature of the patient
Experimental study on gut tolerance to early enteral nutrition following intestinal ischemia/reperfusion
Synthesis and Characterization of long chain alkyl monoglycidyl ethers
the oocyte is discharge from that follicle into the ampulla of the fallopian tube, where fertilization may take place
study on that rapid change of typhoon 0214 ( vongfong ) intensity
Therefore, at least 10 passages are needed for an in vitro experiment in order to supply such amount of cells from existing mesenchymal stem cells derived from various origins.
Quantity Relationship of Antioxidant Enzyme Activity in the Toxicological Vegetation Test of Chlorobenzoate Acids
21813 The daidzein material may be administered in a pharmaceutical composion,
Effects of Dietary Phosphorus on Calcium Content of Tissue in Laying Hens
Study on the preparation and performance of cellulose/silk fibroin composite film
(i) an antigen, which may be immobilised by contacting with an immobilised antibody that can bind the antigen;
Intra-abdominal pressure and obstruction relief time there is a positive correlation(P<0.01).Conclusions:Intra-abdominal pressure changes and adhesive intestinal obstruction in disease severity correlated.
SERUM FERRITIN AND ITS CLINICAL IMPLICATIONS IN CHILDREN
The method according to claim 2 wherein the antibody is a monoclonal antibody
The developing landmarks and neurobehavioral development of offspring in 3 exposure groups were delayed than those of control group (P<0.05).
However, a reproducible, commercial scale process for production of high purity antigen is needed if a safe HAV vaccine is to be commercially available for use in humans.
The MICs of Ciprofloxacin and Levofloxacin with CCCP was 32 times and 4 times lower than the MICs without CCCP for the other two strains, respectively.
The dependence of the ovarian cycle on hormonal stimulation from the anterior lobe of the pituitary is firmly established.
The findings from "in vitro" and "ex vivo" experiments concordantly show that GIT27 down-regulates the production of IL-I beta, TNF- alpha and IL-10 by PM without altering the capacity of SMNC to produce IFN- gamma and does not affect the expression of MIF by PM and SMNC.
Respectively record the anesthetic onset time,anesthesia time,the anesthetic complications,and the MAP,HR,SpO2 and RR before anesthesia(T0),after anesthesia(T1) and after the anesthesia of 5 min(T2),15 min(T3),30 min(T4),60 min(T5).
After adjustment for potential risk factors,it showed that HbA1c(OR= 1. 233) was the risk factor of the carotid intima-media thickness in type 2 diabetes mellitus(T2DM) patients,while fruits intake(OR=0. 993) was a protective factor of C-IMT in T2DM patients.
Human respiratory airway epithelial celis
shared a very rare type of mitochondrial DNA --
It is one of the few edible microalgae, and it differs from other microalgae grown in ponds, such as Spirulina and Chlorella, insofar as it grows wild in an optimal environment which allows it to develop a truly remarkable nutritional profile, including a wide range of vitamins and organic minerals, proteins and aminoacids, Omega 3 fatty acids.
such method for isolating amino acid are likewise known to that skilled person
Methods: Fifty nasopharyngeal carcinoma patients treated by TomoTherapy system were retrospectively analyzed.Among these patients,25 received repetitive CT simulation and replanning,and another 25 case-matched control patients without replanning were identified by matching age,gender,pathological type,UICC stage,weight loss,etc.
Oral squamous cell carcinoma (OSCC) is one of the sixth most frequently occurring cancers, oral cancer is the most common cancer affecting peoples' life and the incidence have been rising in recent years.
3,758,603 and 3,758,605 describe the use of aqueous liquid membranes containing silver nitrate and supported on a variety of porous polymeric supports for the separation of olefins such as ethylene and propylene from paraffins such as methane and ethane.
A rinse solution for the treatment of conversion-coated metal substrates for approving the adhesion and corrosion resistance of siccative coatings comprising an aqueous solution of a group IVA metal ion selected from titanium, hafnium and mixtures thereof, optionally with other groups IVA metal ions, and an organosilane selected from the group consisting of methyltrimethoxysilane, phenyl trimethoxysilane and, for hafnium-containing compositions, 3-glycidoxypropyltrimethoxysilane.
In ovarian cancer, VEGF has been reported to be a major mediator of ascites formation, invasiveness, metastasis, and dissemination and is thereby associated with poor patient prognosis.
To study the effects of chitosan on biochemical indicators in cows′ blood during summer.
Construction of MAGE-3 Prokaryotic Expression Plasmid pET30a (+)-MAGE-3 and Its Expression in Escherichia Coli
to the adjustment means to increase or decrease the anatomic effect of the implant on the native recipient site
Proliferation and differentiation patterns of hematopoietic precursor from umbilical blood in mesenchymal stem cell microenvironment
Effects of Yi Qi Tong Mai Oral Liquid on Acute Myocardial Ischemia in Dogs
An experimental study on repairing bone defect with the compound of basic fibroblast growth factor( b-FGF) and autogenous micro grain bone
Effect of Vitamin C (ascorbic acid) on the growth of newborn rat hippocampal neuron in vitro
He mainly devotes himself to research cellular signal transduction and its molecular mechanism in embryonic development and critical diseases (such as cancer, tissue fibrosis and cardiovascular disease
such as for example a boar, bull, stallion, rabbit, etc., it is at present customary to use artificial vagina that make it possible to stimulate that penis of the animal and cause its ejaculation
The phosphorylation of ERK1/2 under TGF-β1 stimulation was inhibited significantly in Tianlongchuankeling and Danfuzi group.
Gene Analysis of a Typical Chinese a-thalassemia Family
in that method, natural loofah sponge which belong to natural high molecular material is used as a support body, and melamine molecule imprint polymers are modified on the surface of the support body
In this dissertation a thermotropic liquid crystalline aromatic copolyester 60PHB/PEN was synthesized at first, and the thermal decomposition kinetics of PEN and 60PHB/PEN was analyzed in detail
the structural gene is place under that control of a pollen microspore or megaspore specific promote such that expression of the hormone is timed to occur just prior to pollination so that fruit development and maturation is induced without the need for fertilization
The astragalus sinicus - wheat interplanting system had been proven has the obvious interplanting superiority after inoculated with Mesorhizobium huakuii 93 (Mh93).
ANX Ⅰ has been convincingly demonstrated to mediate the anti inflammatory effects of glucocorticoids in a variety of models of inflammation in vivo and in vitro.It was thought to be one of the ‘second messengers' of glucocorticoids in the actions of anti inflamma_ tory.However,the correlation between ANX Ⅰ and primary lung cancer remains unknown.In this study,the expression distribution of ANXⅠwas examined in 60 primary lung cancer specimens by immunohistochemistry and in immortal,transformation and malig...
Chromosome numbers of some caespitose bamboos native in or introduced to China
is apply to that back of neck of the canine for treating itch.
Based on the study, the influences of the dosages of AOS on the latex solid content and average particle size were discussed
The muscular branches sent out nutrient medial vastus muscle along the way,besides that,it sent out 1-3 (1/77%) musculocutaneous perforating branches with the external diameter ranged 0.5-0.9 mm,and reached deep fascia perpendicularly through medial vastus muscle,and got to the skin superficial to medial vastus muscle.
The invention relates to novel trans-3-aza-bicyclo[3.1.0]hexane derivatives of formula (I),
Study of relationship between girls precocious puberty and serum leptin, insulin- like growth factor-1, electroencephalogram
The curable lacquer may be cured by actinic radiations, preferably ultraviolet (U.V.) light or electron beam.
an inhibitor of soluble guanylate cyclase ,
Study on SARS-CoV Infected Lewis rat
Before and after treatment the changes of patients’ clinical symptoms and infected CD4+ T lymphocytes were observed.
alternatively the cationic polymer , preferably the described N-Polymer can be carried onto the SAP particles by a carrier selected from cellulose and its derivatives , rayon , polypropylene , polyester , polyethylene , polyacryl , polyamide , polystyrol , polyurethane , polyacrylnitril or hydrophilic nylon , provided such carriers are incorporated into the SAP particles during polymerization or in physical form during making of the SAP particles .
Study on the relationship between thyroid hormone and calcium, phosphorus and bone metabolism
Method for counting number of complex overlapping cells in microscopic image
Overview of the Study on Human Hepatic Lipase Gene
Establishment of the MDR model in rabbit liver with VX2
establishment of A rat model with iron deficiency anemia ( IDA) and A survey on that IDA relate indexes
human aldehyde dehydrogenase 2 sequence design according to prefer codon of pichia pastoris
Congenital malformation, deformation and chromosome abnormality shall be determined based on The International Statistical Classification of Diseases and Related Health Problems (ICD-10) of World Health Organization.
What about his own health?Was he risking complications in surgery?
The present invention further provides gene arrays and / or gene chips and / or RNAse protection to screen for the up - or down - regulation of mRNA transcripts .
lateral frontobasal artery
The disc with a pathological disorder can lead to compression of adjacent nerve roots or the spinal cord causing chronic pain to the bearer.
Preparations for parenteral administration of a polypeptide or peptide of the disclosure include sterile aqueous or non-aqueous solutions, suspensions, and emulsions.
The accumulation of free radical produced by the decrease of the antioxygen ability may be damage the telomere, and that may be one of the mechanisms of telomere shortening in liver of rat model with spleen Qi deficiency syndrome.
Investigation on Antioxidant Activites of Chinese Honeys
Study on Synthesis Conditions for Salt - Tolerant Cross Linked Polymer Solution
penetrating trauma ocular
Objective To discuss the diagnosis of multi-slice spiral CT (MSCT) of spinal degenerative diseases.
Alternatively, microorganisms capable of producing 2KGA prepared in advance can be used for the microbial cell reaction method that is not substantially accompanied by the growth of the microorganisms.
A recombinant human epidermal growth factor (rhEGF) spray is prepared from rhEGF as active component and medical additive.
A study on a Modelocked Pulsed Nd:YAG Laser with an Antiresonant Nonlinear Ring Cavity
production of vermilion injection for treating cardiovascular disease
A STUDY ON MORPHOLOGY AND ANATOMY OF SOYBEAN LEAVES WITH DIFFERENT LEAF POSITION
Objective:To explore and analyze the efficacy and clinical value of the treatment of gallstone lithotripsy Choledochoscope minimally invasive gallbladder.
which is also indicative of the presence or absence of a cancer .
Because most food proteins are naturally surface-active, suitable carbohydrate-free compositions containing protein can be manufactured with adequate internal void volumes without the need for surfactants.
Progress in Study on the Environmental Risk Factors and Susceptible Genes of Leukemia
Conclusion:The established nasopharyngeal carcinoma cell line is CD44 new variant knock-down cell line,this provides the basis for exploring the biological functions of CD44 new.
Methods To inject into stomach with adenine or oxonic acid either in high or low dose separately.Administer serum uric acid,urea nitrogen,creatinine,compared with the control group,and make histopathologic observation of kidney.
Clinical Value for Consolidated Enterprise Archiving
Objectives:Previous studies showed the skin, after repeated epicutaneous ovalbumin(OVA) exposure induced a predominant Th2-like response with high IgE production in BALB/c mice
the sample were stained with ethidium bromide and photograph under ultra violet light
Quercitrin and hyperoside were determined by HPLC. HPLC conditions were as follows:Hypersil C_18 column,a mobile phase of acetonitrile- 0.05% phosphoric acid (14 :86),detection wavelength was at 350 nm.
Changes of Plasma Angiotensin Ⅱ and Cardiovascular Function of Juvenile Athletes at Constant Work Load
The Analysis of the Infrared Image before and after Treatment of Cervical Spondylosis
A novel polypeptide-human tumor protein 20, the polynucleotide for coding it, the process for preparing said polypeptide by DNA recombination, the application of said polypeptide in treating diseases, such as cancer, HIV infection, immunopathy, etc. the antagonist of said polypeptide and its treating action, and the application of said polynucleotide are disclosed.
Methods 218 cases of LDH showed by CT and operative exploration were analysed retrospectively.
Various extracellular factors can delay neutrophil apoptosis,but the molecular mechanisms are not dear completely.
The present invention ensures the conventional colorectal endoscope has the functions of treatment, waste discharge and real-time monitoring.
Study on the Determination of Trace Cr(Ⅵ) by Solvent Floatation Ternary Associated Complex Spectrophotometry
The research contents include absolute muscles, in vivo muscles and lower extremity muscle activity in sports
Some experts noted that studies of all causes of mortality include deaths from traumatic injuries, and that small amounts of excess fat may provide extra padding
A study on the new sythetic method of 1,6-macrocyclicdiketone
All patients were commonly used in drug therapy,the intervention group was on the basis of drug treatment given to health education interventions.
The Analysis of Diagnosis and Treatment of 135 Patients with Primary Gallbladder Cancer
the result material is solvated in CH2 Cl2 ( 1 L), filter, and washed with H2O ( 3. times. 1 L
hydroxy, and C1-4 alkyl unsubstitute or substituted with one to five halogen;
Objective To study fetal sulcal development with post-mortem and in vivo fetal MRI,and then to analyze the differences and relationships between the two kinds of images.
The liquid-phase chip comprises microspheres and amplification primer, wherein the microspheres are coated with specific anti-tag sequences respectively; and the anti-tag sequences are selected from sequences from SEQ ID NO.7 to SEQ ID NO.12. As for three pairs of ASPE primers formed by specific sequences of SNP sites of a target gene and tag sequences of 5' ends,
Group C was in normal temperature and air environment for 6 hours, while group H_2 and H_4 were exposed to hypothermia (10℃) and hypoxia (5% O_2+95% N_2) for 2 or 4 hours and group H_4R_2 was given rewarmed temperature of 37℃ and hyperoxia (≥95% O_2) for 2 hours after hypothermia and hypoxia for 4 hours.
Protein Kinase C Regulating Activation on Nuclear Factor-κB in T Lymphocyte in Children with Acute Idiopathic Thrombocytopenic Purpura
EFFECT OF CONSTITUTED EXPRESSION OF CBF1 TRANSCRIPTIONAL FACTOR ON PLANT COLD TOLERANCE,GROWTH AND DEVELOPMENT
After infected by H.pylori for one, three, six, 12 and 24 hours, the relative quantities of the expressions of Ku70/Ku80 heterodimer in GES-1 were 1.58±0.32,1.84±0.40,1.97±0.35,3.72±1.42 and 3.74±1.56, respectively
Methods Detect the hepatic vein NO level and liver TXA 2/PGI 2 ratio in I/R injury rats
Objective To explore whether or not up-regulated expression of GRP78 can decrease sensitivity of A549 cell from non-small cell lung carcinoma to cisplatin.
it is conductive to dispel anesthesia, eliminate nuchal rigidity symptom and various cervical disease and resume limb health.
Neither amtolmetin guacyl nor celecoxib determined a worsening of baseline gastro-duodenal endoscopy findings.
It contained much β-eleostearic acid so the products could not meet the need of commercial tung oil products;but β-eleostearic acid was an effective substance for the treatment of cardiovascular disease.It could be developed as medicinal tung tree.
Meanwhile, the results differ in different periods of growth of the pigs, with pigs of 8-20 kg increasing 9.77% daily, and the absorption rate of feed increasing 10.42
and precision control over primer extension by polymerase can be accomplished by applying stress to a nucleic acid.
include a system for use in diagnosing or monitor a bone or joint condition in a patient. that system
Methods ELISA assay the plasma concentration of BNP of 200 essential hypertention patients.
the present invention is drug particles produced by a method which comprises : contacting a solution comprising a poorly water soluble drug substance and at least one freezable organic solvent with a cold surface so as to freeze the solution ; and removing the organic solvent .
in 70 patient whose anti-HCV and HCV RNA were positive in their plasma with chronic hepatitis C, HCV RNA positive strands in 21 patient ( 30% ) and HCV RNA negative strand in 1 patient were detected by RT-PCR.
All cases recovered well after surgery.
specifically, that negative and positive excursion should be statistically equal in the absence of resets and edge from X-rays, but the average of positive excursions may be biased upward by undetecte very low energy X-rays.
temperature is 95 ℃, amount of salt is 10%, extract time is 120 min, keeping 8 h at 4 ℃ aft adjusting pH 4.2 in order to deposit protein.
Iontophoresis can be used to transdermally deliver the active agents, using active transportation within an electric field, typically by electromigration and electroosmosis.
The catalytic activity of the novel catalysts for combustion of toluene was studied using a fixed bed reactor.The catalysts were characterized by X-ray diffraction (XRD) and Scanning Electron Microscopy (SEM).
Epithelial ovarian cancer(EOC)is the primary ovarian malignancy affecting women.
The KYSE-150R cell line maintained radioresistant phenotype for at least 5 months with 50 passages after the cessation of radiation.KYSE-150R cells showed phenotypic changes consistent with EMT:spindle-cell shape,and loss of polarity.
the period for its storage, for instance in a silo, may be longer, without danger for getting heated ( because of increased micro-biological activities ).
Association of Acyl-Co A: Cholesterol Acyltransterase-2 (ACAT-2)-734C/T Gene Polymorphism with Coronary Heart Disease in the Chinese
As is apparent from FIG. 5B, the electrodes 51a, which have more active area in contact with the underlying tissue T, produce a region of ablation Al that extends more deeply into the tissue T than the ablation region A2 produced by the low density electrodes 51b, even though the electrode spacings and widths are the same for the high and low density electrodes.
By RT-PCR, a gene fragment of about 372bp was amplified. And then, the fragment was cloned into pMD18-T vector. After the sequence determination was got, it was compared with sequence of American-type virus using blast tool and discovered that this gene was same to the American-type virus
Based on the genome structure of HVT as published by Igarashi, T.et al. (Virology 157, 351, 1987) a region in the unique-short sequence element (Us) of the virus was selected for the insertion of foreign genes.
The process is as following:Analyzing the bio-information of nsdA encoding gene and flanking sequence, universalprimer P1, P2 was designed to successfully amplified and verified 4. 8kb lengthcorresponding fragments from Streptomyces cinnamonensis BIB2005
RNA Degradation and Estimation of Postmortem Interval in Rat Brain-a Pilot Study;
Experimental Studies of Implantation of Autologous Endothelial Progenitor Cells (EPCs) to Promote Neovascularization in Ischemic Myocardium
After 6 equivalents of DCC were added to the diluent and stirred for 3 hours in a dark inert atmosphere, 15 equivalents of aPEGa-FA prepared as follows was added thereto and further stirred for 16 hours.
Tests on the tibia histopathology and behavioral indicators such as a heat pain threshold, a mechanical pain threshold and the like of the bone inflammatory pain model prepared by the CFA prove that:the inflammation of an experimental model is obvious, and the level of the behavioral indicators is low.
Characterization of GM CSF Primed Macrophage Derived from Peripheral Blood Monocyte and Its Effect on the Mixed Lymphocyte Reaction
Cellulose acylate film, and polarizing plate, optical compensation film and liquid crystal display using same
The levels of TXB_2 and 6-keto-PGF_1α were determined by biochemistry method.
After this time it is filtered, and the residue is rinsed with either diethyl ether or ethyl acetate.
Conclusion NDV may effectively suppress the development of CCl4-induced liver fibrosis in mice.
Primary Observation of Embryonic Development and Pre-larva Morphology for Plectorhinchus cinctus (Temminck et Schlegel)
A CASE WITH HOMOGENEOUSLY STAINING REGION(HSR) ON CHROMOSOME 11P
In this case, even when the planting portion 12 is planted in a slanted state, the post portion 11 maintains a vertical state by avoiding the cortex bone formed of a lower alveolar pipe, biperforate, and maxilla in the major anatomical structure.
and adding sesame oil while heating optimizes and simplifies formula and compounding ratio, and effectively inhibits the toxic and side effects of the mustard seeds on skin and mucosa.
Methods The clinical data of 64 patients with hepatobilillary diseases treated with hepatectomy in our hospital from 2009 to 2010 were retrospectively analyzed.The liver dysfunction and prognosis were compared between two different hepaqtectomy ways.
In one method, a solution of NaCl is prepared with concentration approximately 9g/l.
The abating fever rate for the wind-heat type common cold was 75.3% in the treatment group and 50.0% in the control group, with significant difference between the two groups, the treatment group being better than the control group(P<0.01
(2) Synthesis of {{[(4-phenyl-diazine)-1-naphthyl-diazine]-phenyloxy}6-hexyloxy}4-phenyl 4-{[6-(acryloyloxy) hexyl}oxy]benzoate (compound of Formula (I))
Methods: 60 patients with terminal NSCLC were randomly divided into 2 groups.
Application of computer technology to dermatoglyphic symmetric study in the patients with clippel syndrome
the equipment allows a patient to firstly use a blood pressure measuring device to measure the blood pressure, and then use a blood pressure calculating device to estimate the current blood pressure, wherein the blood pressure calculating device comprises a mathematical model and estimates the blood pressure based on the current blood pressure changed caused by heartbeat and the blood pressure measured before.
CCR receptors with specificity for a broad variety of CC CHEMOKINES
for example glycerol , trimethylolpropane , trietlianolamine , pentaerythritol , sorbitol and sucrose ; polyamines , for example ethylene diamine , tolylene diamine ( TDA ) , diaminodiphenylmethane ( DADPM ) and polymethylene polyphenylene polyamines ; and aminoalcohols , for example ethanolamine and diethanolamine ; and mixtures of such initiators .
Conclusion: The elder patients with COPD choose to use 24G venous indwelling trocar, the incidence of phlebitis could be reduced greatly,and the indwelling time could be prolonged.
More nationally representative epidemiological surveys, in particular among youth, are needed to assess more precisely the magnitude of ATS abuse in the region.
Objective:To observe the clinical effects of collagenase injected by projection targets of inside and outside prominence for lumbar disc herniation patients.
the seventh copolymerizable monomer is a monoethylenically unsaturated monomer that is polymerizable by free radical initiation .
Inhibition of Cordyceps sinensis on gentamicin-induced apoptosis and bFGF gene expression in proximal tubule epithelial cell line
Accordingly, the sample cells contained in the repository 620 are not initially analyzed via cytometry at analysis section 612
Detection and Clinical Analysis of Serum Lipid and Apolipoprotein in Child Patients with Nephrotic Syndrome
Synthesis of 4-Ethyl-2,3-Dioxopiperazine-1-Methyl Formate
the present invention relate to isolated polypeptide having endoglucanase activity, catalytic domains, cellulose binding domain and polynucleotides encoding that polypeptides, catalytic domains or cellulose binding domains
suitable example include cyclopropylmethyl and cyclopentylmethyl.
instant particle for regulating growth and trace element absorption of human bone
Studies on Synthesis and Bioactivity of Sclareol Derivatives
if that amount of polymer solid desired is low, a minor quantity of high solid polymer polyol dispersion prepared from a conventionally catalyzed polyol may be used.
in general, NP gene may also be indicate as" N gene".
OBJECTIVE:To investigate the inhibitory effects of hepatocyte growth promoting factors(pHGF) on alloxan induced diabetes.METHODS:Alloxan induced diabetic rats were divided randomly into 2 groups.The treatment group received pHGF injection 200 mg·kg·d -1 while the control group did not.All rats were killed after 6 weeks.Blood glucose, insulin, ALT was measured and pancreas was observed with light microscope.RESULTS:In the treatment group reduction of blood glucose was more significant and serum insulin
swelling the tobacco stalks, cutting the swelled tobacco stalks into stalk pieces, and cutting the stalk pieces into stalk filaments.the stalk filaments processed by the method have higher filling values, and the physical shapes of the stalk filaments are close to cut tobaccos, so the blending ratio of the stalk filaments can be improved obviously, the uniformity and stability of stalk filament blending can be improved, the production cost can be reduced, and the inherent quality and sucking quality of cigarettes can be improved.
simultaneously, immunogenicity is low, seed can be provided for that skin repair of a patient and the reconstruction of the skin and the formation of sweat gland are guided
Effects of Chromium on Growth Performance,Serum Biochemical Indices and Non-Specific Immune Enzyme Activities of Litopenaeus vannamei
The APP-LI neurons wre distributed mainly in pyramidal cells and the oriens layer of CA1, CA2, CAS and CA4 region of polymorphical cell layer of dentate gyrus;
the rare earth metal La film on Si substrate was fabricate by electrodeposition in urea- NaBr-KBr-formamide solution under isolation of oxygen. that effect of the concentration of formamide and the current density on the morphology and La content of the deposited film were investigated. the results show that the deposite film contains metal La mainly ( 91.35%) and a few La_2O_3, chlorin and bromine
The control group was treated by triamcinolone urea cream(n=23),and the experiment group was plused use of pevisone besides triamcinolone urea cream.
23.A method of testing the ability of a compound to modulate an enzymatic activity in vivo comprising; administering to a population of cells a compound that when acted upon by said cellular enzyme becomes fluorescent; and measuring said cells fluorescence to determine the ability of the compound to modulate the activity of the enzyme.
it comprise nanoparticles of chitosan of low molecular weight and hyaluronan.
Analysis of diagnosis and treatment of acute perforation of gastric cancer.
Convenient assay measures activity of lactate dehydrogenase (LDH) released from damaged cells
an allergic reaction that becomes apparent in a sensitized person only minutes after contact.
Lui MM, Tse HF, Mak JC, Lam JC (2013) Altered profile of circulating endothelial progenitor cells in obstructive sleep apnea
25.0 mmol ) and thf ( 15.0 ml ).
terminator fragment to terminate that collection subtype fragment contain m_empNo and m_dept LOB fragment containing m_image
In HD patients many factors influence serum leptin level such as the adequacy of dialysis, plasma insulin
Objective To investigate the role of capsule of Cryptococcus neoformans in mice cutaneous infection
Radiotherapy on metastases bone pain: an analysis of 71 cases
Human embryonic stem cells can be induced to differentiate into all kinds of cells in vitro to be applied to clinical medicine and scientific research. Because they have to be isolated from human embryos, any attempt to establish human stem cell line is prohibited by religion and ethics in some areas and countries. Parthenogenetic embryonic stem cells have similar capacity of totipotency and proliferation, and can be established from parthenogenetic activation of di...
In the early weeks after transplantation, an ordinary (for a physiological follow up of SCI) invasion of monocytes, T-cells and other immune response related cells were found.
Detection of MDV in the Feather Marrow by DIG Nucleic Acid Probe
Changes of IL-12 and IL-17 levels in patients with autoimmune liver disease and its clinical significance
Inhibitory effect of gensenoside Rg3 on the expression of Matrix Metalloproteinases in breast cancer MCF-7 cell line
Methods The study was conducted in 20 diagnosed cancer patients with bone metastasis which were administered a single 90 mg dose of Bonin intravenously. Forteen of them were combined with either chemotherapy (n=7) or internal radiation with 153 Sm EDTMP(n=7).
The composition,size and morphology of the La2(1,4-bdc)2·3H2O were characterized by Elemental analysis(EA),Fourier transform infrared spectrum(FTIR),Thermal analysis(DSC-TGA) and scanning electron microscope(SEM),respectively.
[Objective]To observe the Yang Xuan Bi granules Decoction in treating coronary heart disease angina pectoris phlegm Stasis-Bizu cards and effects on inflammatory factors IL-6,TNF-α,CRP effect.
the mixture is then briefly reheated back to about 94 degrees centigrade to separate the i & wly created double helix stands into single strands of nucleic acid, and so begin another cycle of the prc process.
comprises dust salt, white granulated sugar powder, glucose powder, gourmet powder, D- xylose, isoleucine, enzymolysis solution, soy sauce, yeast extract, sesame oil, chicken oil, ethyl maltol, IMP, corn starch and chicken flavor.
Furthermore,Box-Behnken design was used to optimize fermentation condition of the Bacillus to produce lipopeptide surfactant.
#NM - MP and TS in CR0 is set.
Here,a high throughput method to develop transgenic maize without the contaminations of any selectable marker genes was reported.An Ac(Activator)/Ds(Dissociation) binary vector harboring the Cry1Ab/Ac gene and green fluorescence protein driven by a maize ubiquitin gene promoter was introduced into 110 maize embryo callus through Agrobacterium-mediated transformation.
Methods After local swelling anesthesia both 2.0cm incision was made along the edge of armpit hair, A sharp scissors was inserted to separate the full lacuna in subcutaneous tissue and hair follicles were excised, at the same time, apocrine glands were eliminated
at least a first part of said gum base granules ( 32 ) comprising flavor or active ingredients incorporated gum base , at least a second part of said gum base granules ( 32 ) comprising granules of conventional gum base .
The open end of the pocket is capable of receiving the end of an implantation instrument or device to facilitate implantation of the implant as will be described further below.
Analysis of polymorphism of pYNZ22 gene in primary hepatocellular carcinoma
preferred water-soluble Vitamin E derivatives include Sodium Vitamin E Phosphate ( VEP ) , Lauryl Imino Dipropionic Acid Tocopheryl Phosphate , and Disodium Lauriminodipropionate Tocopheryl Phosphates .
In mild acute closed brain injury, the diagnostic rate of SPECT(86.7%) was much higher than that (26.7%) of x-ray CT(χ 2=30.59,P<0.01).
Objective To evaluate the clinical therapeutic mechanism of Jinhuangyidankeli.
Conclusion The perineum recurrence after Miles operation is closely related with various factors such as late stage cancer,high pathological grading malignancy degree,distance from tumors to anus edges less than 3cm,the tumors infiltrates serosa and the tissue of perienteric,the intestinal fold discisstion in operation and the tissue of tumors was debrided imcompletely in operation.
Clinical application and research progress of reconstitution modes and repair materials in operative treatment for acromioclavicular dislocation
anti-disease preparation contg. piginterleukin-4,6 fused gene
Evaluation of diagnostic value of five examination items in diabetes mellitus
Thus, protection includes both treatment to eliminate existing infections and prevention against future infestations.
such protein include, but are not limited, to SIGIRR ( single immunoglobulin IL-1R-related molecule ), ST2, and RP105.
the agent may be administer in conjunction with one or more antibiotics or one or more other pharmaceutically active agent for treating that cardiovascular disorder or any underlying condition that exacerbates the disorder,
Application of MSCT angiography to diagnosis of coronary artery disease
The Effect of Nitrogen Levels and Form on Nitrogen Assimilation and Morphogenesis of Sugar Beet (Beta vulgaris L.)
A clinical analysis of severe preeclampsia complicated with fetal growth restriction;
study of that expression of p53, MDM2 protein in cervical intra-epithelial neoplasm and cervical Squamous-cell carcinoma
Conclusion Black-diaphragm intraocular lens implantation is an effective technique for management of traumatic aniridia combined with aphakia .
Reversible addition-fragmentation chain transfer (RAFT) copolymerization of styrene and bismaleimide was carried out using 2-(ethoxycarbonyl)prop-2-yl dithiobenzoate as RAFT agent and AIBN as initiator, and star polystyrenes were also obtained.
However adhesive molecule LFA-1 on leucocytes was lowest.
15 . the vascular prosthesis of claim 14 , wherein said adhesion sublayers are impervious adhesion sublayers .
Experience of patients with breast cancer in early detection: a qualit ative rese arch
in another embodiment a solid diamine or a solution of diamine in an organic liquid medium may be adde to solution of that dicarboxylic acid dihalide in an organic liquid medium.
The synthesis property weak cation exchanger with silica matrix for protein separations
There was no microsate11 ite markers 1inked to ma1e--steri 1egene M using 9 pairs of SSR primers of known posi tion on the armof chromosome (4D) where the nd gene located, and l00 pairs of SSRprimers of unknown position.
Analysis of RhoA biological activity showed that RhoAN19 lentivirus particles infection significantly inhibited lysophospatidic acid stimulated RhoA activity in the PFCs,while RhoAL63 lentivirus particles enhanced the RhoA activity.
the other positions on the phenol ring can be substituted with a variety of groups such as c1-8 alkyl, hydroxyl, alkoxy, and halogen.
Depending on the pathological anatomy of prostate, two different kinds of 90 Sr 90 Y prostatic hyperplasia applicators including "urethra type" and "rectum type" are designed and used.
Objective To explore the effect of token incentive act on drug disposal capacity train of schizophrenic patients.
the relationship between homocysteine and that systemic fibrinolysis in elderly with coronary heart disease
Method for separating and preparing salvianolic acid B chemical reference substance
said contraceptive medicine consists of the described copolymer and pure DMSO injection.
preferred method of preparing the shorter peptide of the present invention, such as FpAT small peptide and derivative peptides thereof, is solid phase peptide synthesis, and in a embodiment of the present invention, the small peptide of the present invention was prepared by using Pioneer™
Highly pathogenic influenza is a virulent form of influenza, such as H5N1, which leads to a rapid and high level of morbidity.
the therapeutic effect of cytokine immunotherapy and/or chemotherapeutic agents and/or radiation.
Results New surgical group in the open time,the amount of abdominal bleeding,the total amount of bleeding in surgery,operative time,postoperative exhaust time,peritoneal adhesions in surgery,hospital stay was significantly worse than traditional surgery group,there was significant difference(P<0.05).
The average posaconazole plasma concentrations achieved by orally administering 200 mg of posaconazole using a BID (regimen B) and QlD (regimen C) dosing regimen exceed the majority of the Minimum Inhibitory Concentration needed to kill 90% (MIC9o) of the clinically relevant pathogenic fungi.
Comparing with OF,the biomass of root,stem and leaf in treatment BF were increased by 9. 55%,9.98% and 11. 16%,N,P and K nutrient uptake in treatment BF were increased by 15. 35%,21.06% and 32. 09%,respectively.
Squamous cell carcinoma of sinus of nose
Kinetic study on the pyrolysis of wood
The dimensions of the shoulders 31, the pillar 33 and the gap 34 are selected with respect to the mould 2 such that when the flange 20 rests on the first end faces 31a, an outer face 22a of the anterior mould section surrounding the curved (i.e. the mould cavity forming) portion 290 of the anterior mould section and the second end face 33a are spaced apart.
LIF levels are significantly lower in cells with the P72 allele than in cells with the R72 allele,which may contribute to the decreased implantation and fertility associated with the P72 allele.
then catalyzing phosphor-transfer esterification reaction between the phosphatide abundant in the polyunsaturated fatty acid and L-serine by utilizing phosphatidase D to generate the phosphatidylserine abundant in the polyunsaturated fatty acid.
The experimental results show that the contact angle of distilled water on FOTS SAMs was 109°.
EXPRESSION OF NF-κB IN SPINAL CORD AFTER ACUTE SPINAL CORD INJURY IN RATS
Bacterial drug resistance fluorescence detection method and diagnostic kit thereof
To investigate the risks and possible benefits of routine versus intensive insulin therapy, assessed by the frequency of hypoglycemic events defined as a glucose concentration less than 80mg/dl(<4.44 mmol/l) in patients admitted to the intensive care unit(ICU) after severe traumatic brain injury(TBI).
The stability of baths under different pH values were evaluated by electrochemical workstation.The morphologies of the particles were studied with scanning electron microscopy(SEM) and their chemical composition and element distribution were confirmed by energy dispersive spectroscopy(EDS) and X-ray diffraction(XRD).
A moisture content of this boehmite sol was 0.3 weight percent.
According to the distribution of the superior and inferior gluteal arteries,wehave divided them into five types:Type Ⅰ67 cases(67%),Type Ⅱ18 cases(18%).
With the scleroderma autoantinucleolar antiserum which was discribed in our previous paper, we identified a novel group of nucleolar organizer associating proteins, ANOP. By means of immunoblotting, it was found that ANOP mainly consists of three polypcptids with molecular weights of 65, 76, and 78 KD respectively. Immunoelectron microscopy demonstrated that ANOP is localized in the shells of dense fibril components surrounding fibrillar centers of nuclcolus. Moreover, indirect immunofluorcscencc studies on
Objective:To analyze the peculiarity and diagnosis value of single balloon enteroscopy( SBE) in patients with suspected small bowel disease.
The dynamics of microorganism populations and fermentation characters of co-cultures of rumen fungi and cellulolytic bacteria on different substrates
The Impact on Immunophenotypes and Functions of CD4~+T Cell during Mobilization with rhG-CSF
Effect of TBTC on phosphatase,ATPase and steroid hormones in zebra fish
Method for the preparation of morphine compounds
Study of ACV treatment of subcutaneous tumors induced with inoculation of pulmonary adenocarcinoma cells A549-TK in nude mice
Role of NF-κB-p65,ICAM-1 and apoptosis in exhausted exercise-induced delayed-onset myocardial injury
After culture for 24 hours, cells were fixed and incubated with different concentrations of PLZ4-biotin for 1.5 hours following avidin-HRP for another 1 hour.
in which that low molecular substance is disper together with polymer, that the nanofibres should contain after spin
in this period it might be more effective, and could reduce dan of reccurrence of cerebral hemorrhage
study on cell apoptosis in that placenta of preeclampsia
Conclusion It is necessary for those preschool children with negative hepatitis B antibodies to vaccinate hepatitis B virus vaccine.
A NOVEL MONOCLONAL ANTIBODY AGAINST HUMAN KERATINS
The aqueous solutions should be suitably buffered (preferably pH greater than 8) if necessary and the liquid diluent first rendered isotonic.
u. s. patent no. 6,362, 264, the contents of which are incorporated by reference herein, discloses a stabilizer for food contact and medical grade pvc that contains about 10-40 parts by weight of a zinc carboxylate, about 50-80 parts by weight of an alkyl ester of thiodipropionic acid and about 5-20 parts by weight of a phenolic antioxidant.
Methods:Seventy cases of acute cerebral infarction were divided into two groups randomly:48 cases were treated with ahylysantinfarctase 0 5 U in normal saline 250 ml by intravenous drip (group A) per day and 22 cases were treated with tetramethylpyrazine 120 mg add venoruton 400 mg solving in 5% glucose 500 ml by intravenous drip per day.
PREPARATION AND CHARACTERIZATION OF Ni/PMMA NANOCOMPOSITES MICROSPHERES
The rats of all groups were breeded for 4 months postoperatively and conducted electroneurophysiology examination.
Analysis of T-2 toxin and its metabolites by Tracer GC/FTIR
【Conclusion】 The MC4R gene is conservative in the course of animal evolution,and the MC4R genes from different animals have approximate biological functions.
in which that racemate resolution is carry out by means of crystallization on 6-benzyl derivative of the pyrrolopiperidine.
although not visually noticeable at the lowest dosage levels ,
(B) Light micrograph of spinal cord section from a chronically infected SJL/J mouse treated with a control IgM showing extensive demyelination, and the relative absence of remyelination.
【Objective】The effects of high molecular weight glutenin subunits(HMW-GS) on dough properties,quantity of gluten protein fractions,and bread-making quality were determined under the same genetic background of low molecular weight glutenin subunits(Glu-A3c,Glu-B3b,Glu-D3c).
Analysis on 284 cases with foreign body of upper digestive tract extracted by endoscope
Conclusion: Compared with the third national oral health survey,caries prevalence rate and mean DMFT were arised,the rate of dental filling was deteriorated despite of a good periodontal condition.
Expressions of Mina53 and Mel-18 in colorectal carcinoma tissue
ConclusionBuzhongyiqi decoction can improve post stroke fatigue of stroke patients.
The nuclear cataractwas related with myopia (OR=1.49),divorce and the widowed (OR=2.9),the total yearsof active smoking (OR=1.04),protein diet (OR=0.51-0.71).
An intracellular cell death which occurs when recombinantly preparing cyplasin in cell cultures can be avoided by removal of the secretion signal in the cyplasin sequence.
The activities of total penicillinase, cell-bound penicillinase and exopenicillinase in Staphylococcus aureus 85053, isolated clinically in Nanjing, were determined.
Cardiomyopathy, congenital malformation (Marfan's syndrome), infective endocarditis and rupture of the chordae tendinae
the sugar is dissolve in water to form aqueous solution in a contain, and that ferment bacterium is put into the aqueous solution, and is stirred to prepare fermentation liquor; and the fermentation liquor is added with the magnesium sulfate, the copper sulfate, the ferrous sulphate, the manganese sulphate and the zinc sulfate, and mix evenly
means the reduction or complete removal of the symptoms of a disease or medical condition.
The Comparative Study on Anti-Inflammatory Action and Mechanism of Ovisaries L and Its Maen Components
A health-care beer for nourishing kidney and protecting liver is prepared through conventional process except that the extract of Chinese-medicinal materials including siberian solomonseal rhizome and wolfberry fruit is added after filtering.
Patients recovered faster,with shorter hospital stay,with characteristics of the positive rehabilitation exercises very soon.
Objective To elucidate typical MRI features in 13 patients with large tumefactive demyelinating lesion(TDL)(>20 mm in diameter).
Conclusions 50% magnesium sulfate may be more effective in preventing phlebitis caused by intravenous nimodipine.Although 2% lidocaine and 50% magnesium sulfate can alleviate the pain caused by intravenous nimodipine,2% lidocaine is superior to 50% magnesium sulfate.
Influence of recombinant human brain natriuretic peptide on postoperative hemodynamics in patients with severe valvular heart disease
Comparison on Aiding Drug that Reduce Dragging Reaction of Bile Operation under Epidural Anesthesia
Methods:Take advantage of a two-dimensional ultrasound,color doppler(CDFI,and energy doppler(CDE)and the doppler frequency(PW)to observe and contrast 58 cases which were newly born babies with HIE and 20 normal ones about the change of brain parenchyma,size of lateral ventricle and the blood parameters after 48 hours,3 to 4 days,and part of them following up to 12 months.
The Screening, Identification of a Bacillus sp. Strain producing Alginate Lyase and the Research of its Fermentation Conditions
The sonographic manifestations including L/S,borders,lymphatic doors,internal echo,calcification and liquefaction were analysed and compared between two groups,and the diagnostic values were evaluated.
Osteoporosis impairs fracture healing of tibia in a rat osteoporotic model
An Injection device (1) for administering a dose of a liquid medicament(M) to a patient comprises a syringe (3) containing the dose of the medicament (M) a hollow injection needle(4) adapted to penetrate the skin of the patient, a stopper (6) translatably disposed within the syringe (3), a plunger (9) connectable to the stopper (4) and translatable in at least a proximal direction(P) to displace the stopper (4) in the proximal direction (P) and a releasable noise component (28) capable of, upon release, generating an audible and/or tactile feedback.
The results showed that,20 g L-1 of A. calamus inhibited to some extent the initial density 1. 0×107 ind mL-1 of M. aeruginosa,and the growth of M. aeruginosa gained dominance,which resulted in that IR was only 16% after 20-day cocultivation.But,during the whole process of incubation,the chlorophyll-a content of A. calamus declined gradually and it was only 27% compared with the control group after 20-day incubation.
In fact, this same study showed that in 2.2% and 2.7% of all specimens centrifuged at 2,000 rpm and 3,000 rpm, respectively, the sediment was culture negative while the supernatant was culture positive.
PART ONEObjective To induce the hepatocelluar carcinoma cell(HCC) line HepG2 into multidrug resistance cell line HepG2/ADM.
Of or relating to long-chain carbon compounds, especially fats, having many unsaturated bonds
Expression of Smad4 protein in endometrial carcinoma and its significance
The results showed that compared to cultivar K12,Shen137 was lack of 574 bp sequences in its promoter,besides existed 24 SNPs.However,the promoters of ZmNAS2 had no difference between the two cultivars of maize.
the array of stimulation and sensing elements is capable of facilitating the location of the target area and the determination for each of the stimulation elements of the required stimulation parameters needed to provide the therapeutic stimulation to the brain tissue in the stimulation target area,
This includes a heterogeneous mixture of denatured double-stranded DNA.
include, but not limited to, botulinum toxin and plant derive proteins.
Study of the efficacy of high intensive focused ultrasound in combination with three dimensional conformal radiotherapy on treating advanced pancreatic cancer
In addition, the high positive correlation was found between the Cu content in tea leaves and Ex-Cu,Ox-Cu and soil organic matter, but negative correlated with soil pH.
MRI and Clinical Characteristics of Different Pathological Subtype of Focal Cortical Dysplasias
Pectin -- Pectin is a form of soluble fiber that lowers both blood pressure and glucose levels
it can be use for that treatment of arthritis, scapulohumeral periarthritis, senile lumbago and skelalgia, soft tissue contusion, sprain of tendon, gastric cold, gastric pains, dysmenorrhea, and amenorrhea.
Surfactivites of products were measured, they were, the surface tension 3.24×10 -2 N/m, the critical micelle concentration(cmc) 3.72×10 -2 mol·L -1 , the emulsifying power 1.25 min, the permeability 9.6 s, and were compared with products prepared by method(Ⅱ) of adding extra PTC.
Derivative fluorimetric determination of Tb~(3+) and Dy~(3+) with 6-hydroxy salicylic acid-EDTA system have been investigated. The detection limits, of Tb~(3+) and Dy~(3+) were 1 and 50ng/ml, respectively.
CONCLUSION The application of combined anesthesia with remifentanil,propofol,and sevoflurane in gynecological laparoscopic operations could ensure a stable circulation during operation,a quick wake-up after operation,and less 1complications,thus is a desirable choice for clinical practice of fast-track anesthesia.
Differentiation Effects on DNA Polymerase Beta and Its Associated Genes’ Expression in Eca-109 Cells
When the carbon source was changed from glucose to saccharose and glucose (3:2) mixture, the yield increased 68.8
Medical and pharmaceutical use Also provided according to the present invention are formulations and kits of parts for use in medical therapy and particularly for use in the prophylactic or therapeutic treatment of atherosclerosis: the use of formulations of the present invention in the manufacture of medicaments for use in the prophylactic or therapeutic treatment of atherosclerosis, and methods of medical treatment or prophylaxis comprising the administration of a therapeu tically effective total amount of a betablocker and a cholesterol-lowering agent to a patient suffering from, or susceptible to, atherosclerosis.
EFFECT OF KIDNEY TONIFYING TRADITIONAL CHINESE MEDICINES ON PROLIFERATION OF OSTEOBLAST-LIKE CELLS UMR106(I)
The resuits indicate that for the content of serum motilin, there was greatly significant difference between two groups before acupuncture and by self-comparison before and after acupuncture (P< 0.001 or P< 0.005 or P< 0.025
include a method in which antibodies specifically recognize molecules expressed on that cell surface are used alone or in combination as column
Pharmacological Profile of LXT-101, a Novel GnRH Antagonist, in Treatig Prostate Cancer
as it shares many similarities with the hepatitis c virus ( frolov i,
Relationship between HPV-16/18 Infection and the Alteration of p53 Gene inTransitional Cell Carcinoma of the Urinary Bladder
Furthermore,the removal efficiency of Cu(II) and chlorobenzene increased with the increasing temperature,CA-Ni /Fe NPs dosages and pH values.
In addition to bile leakage in 3 cases and hydropsy at the operative area in one case,no severe postoperative complications were found,such as intraperitoneal bleeding,subphrenic abscess and so on.
Sequence comparison showed that gene NS3 of RSV Anhui isolate shared the high sequence similarity(97. 6%-99. 4%) with that of RSV isolates from East China,while had relatively lower nucleotide sequence similarity(93. 4%-95. 4%) to that of Yunnan isolates.
establishment and standardization of indirect ELISA use that recombinant VP60 for the detection of antibodies against rabbit hemorrhagic disease Virus
Apoptosis rate was measured by flow cytometry (FCM
But the values were significantly different with those in the Orexin-A group(P<0.01).Conclusion:5-serotonin system participates in process of Orexin-A wake-promoting alcohol coma.
A simulated eye comprises a spherical eyeball and a spherical eyelid which can shade the eyeball.
In most studies, clinical response did not differ between children randomised to a macrolide antibiotic and children randomised to a non-macrolide antibiotic
hydroxymethyl- containing fatty acids made in the foregoing process tend to be a mixture of materials having no hydroxymethyl groups, and materials having 1, 2 or 3 hydroxymethyl groups.
in this proces that crude sugar stream is treated use ion exclusion chromatography at about pH 5.0 to about 10.0 to produce one or more than one raffinate stream comprising sulfate and acetate salts
Anatomic observation on the main structures of right ventricle in cattle heart
herpes can live for short period of time outside that body
There were no new safety signals associated with the use of Avastin at either dose in this clinical setting.
Sex hormone and molecular cytogenetics study on the case with laryngocarcinoma.
The corresponding gene frequency and genotype frequency were 0.0055~0.4615 and 0.0110~0.9890 respectively.
At the same time, surface oxygen contents of ACFs were also varied after adsorption, which indicated the adsorption of organic substance would lead to the oxidation or reduction of ACFs
Seki Y, Takahashi H, Wada K, et al.Sustained activiation of blood coagulation in patients with cerebral th rombo sis[J].Am J Hematol, 1995,50(3):1552.
An analysis of treatment result for brain metastasis of stereotactic radiosurgery plus radiotherapy
Objective To evaluate the effect of separation of bile and/or pancreatic juice from intestine on the level of plasma braingut peptide and histological changes of the pancreas in rats
It occurs commonly in the female internal genital organs and pelvic cavity
All of the 132
Diffusion of the (e-v) quenching substance into the organic functional layer subsequently takes place.
particularly for the treatment of schizophrenia, paranoid states, manic-depressive states, affective disorders, social regression, personality regression and hallucinations.
such a native recipient anatomic site may be a heart valve ,
human NADH dehydrogenase subunits
The general formulation is deduced, by which the simulation program for VASS NMR powder pattern is set up
subaxillary minithoarcotomy of video-assisted thoracic surgery to diagnosis and cure 32 pulmonary nodule
Conclusion 64-slices Spiral CT Cvervix CTA was prompt,accurate effective,non-invasive examination,which was important for guiding clinical screening of ischemic lesion and clinical treatment program.
83%.The differences of the three behavioral experiments between control group and intervention group had the statistical significance( P < 0. 05),so the same as between control group and negative control group( P < 0. 05).And there was no difference between intervention group and negative control group for the three behavioral experiments.
Construction of Recombinant CPV of PRRSV GP5 Protein Gene and Initiatory Analysis on Immunology
Drug hypersensitivity syndrome (DHS) is a severe, multisystem adverse drug reaction that may occur following the use of numerous medications, including anticonvulsants, sulfonamides, and minocycline hydrochloride.
the optium temperature of this enzyme is 55 - 65 degrees celsius with casein as substrate at ph7.2, and optium ph is 7 - 9 with casein as substrate at 35 degrees celsius. the active energy g of fruit bromelain is 111.67 kj. mol - 1.
(b) testing the modulating compounds for ability to inhibit HIV infection.
Prognostic value of P27and PCNA protein expression in children with brain gliomas
Objective To study the efficiency of artificial nerves made of vein (V), basement membrane (BM), Schwann cells (SC) and nerve growth factor (NGF) in bridging 1.5 mm sciatic nerve defects.
In the hippocampus of AD patients, APOE mRNA levels are elevated and localize to astrocytes presumed to be involved with lipid uptake where neurons are degenerating or where synaptic modeling is taking place.
In the end, the author introduced their research work-appling acupuncture to rescue the patients with central respiratory failure and arrhythmic caused by cardiac in farction
Studies on the Effects of Supplying Different Days Glutainine on Decreasing Weaning Stress on Early-weaned Piglets under Different Rearing Conditions
SOLID STATE FERMENTATION OF LIGNIN ENZYMES WITH STEAM EXPLODED STRAW
Conclusion:LY294002 may increase 5-fluorouracil induced inhibition of tumor growth and metastasis.
The characteristics of pancreatic stone on endoscopic ultrasonography
Synthesis method of 8-alkanoyloxy capryl aldehyde serving as royal jelly acid intermediate
synthesis of solution copolymer of bis ( acetoacetate
This proved the validation of Tgp-1 and Tgp-2 as RGAP markers for Bdv_(2). The linkage analysis using the F_(2) progeny also shows that the two markers are co-segregated with Bdv_(2).
Studies on RNA sequence homology of several isolates of tobamoviruses from China using molecular hybridization analysis showed that populus bushy top virus (PV), Dihuang degeneration virus (DDV), common tobacco mosaic virus (TMVc), tomato strain (TMVts) and its mutant (TMV_(N_(14))) are closely related to the subgroup exemplified by TMV-U_1. Youcai mosaic virus (YMV15) from rape is a distinct virus unrelated to the TMV-U_1 group or to other definitive representatives
include that supplemental amino acid
high compression often mean that permanent fold notches are for, and that absorbent article will then have a hard and uncomfortable crease when it is being worn by a user.
They may be given in single dose regimes, split dose regimes and/or in multiple dose regimes lasting over several days.
Blood vessel irrigation/suction tube
After about six weeks, this end of the balloon catheter 4 is severed, whereafter the balloon catheter 4 deflates and can be removed through the ureter, bladder and urethra.
in lesotho, research was undertaken to determine the prevalence of different forms of gender-based violence and its effects on the well-being of the individual as well as on development.
The clinical study of serious primary ventricular hemorrhage
PRA was increased in the high and the moderate dose groups and in the captoprils, especially significant in the captopril(P<0.05
This artide describes the study and development of catalyst pigment con taming rare metal elements
Optizing cultivation condition of thermophilic protease from Geobacillus sp.YMTC1049 strain
Application of Modified Reverse Dorsal Metatarsal Artery Flap in Repairing Burn Wound of Dorsal Side of Great Toe
At the end of the 5th week,serum osteocalcin,P-glycoprotein(P-gp) activities of bone marrow stromal cells(BMSC) as well as P-gp expressions in the femoral heads were evaluated.We analyzed bone histomorphometry,adipocytic variables(adipose tissue area,adipocytic number and perimeter) and apoptosis in the femoral heads.
Clinical observation: 35 diabetic patients (70 eyes) and 35 non-diabetic controls (70 eyes) (age and sex matched) were examined by corneal sensitivity measurement, Schirmer's test, tear film break up time measurement, fluorescein staining of the cornea, conjunctival impression cytologic analysis and fundus photography. Dry eye was investigated by questionnaire.
the product can be use for treating a sign of age on that skin ( such as reducing the wrinkles and/or enhancing the firmness or elasticity of the skin), promote the activity of other cosmetically active agents, such as anti-inflammatory active agents or retinoids, treating non-acne inflammation of skin ( such as arthritis, contact dermatitis, atopic dermatitis, psoriasis, seborrheic dermatitis, eczema, allergic dermatitis, polymorphous light eruptions, inflammatory dermatoses, folliculitis, alopecia, poison ivy, insect bites, methyl nicotinate-induced skin erythema, irritation induced by extrinsic factors including, but not limited to, chemicals, trauma, pollutants ( such as cigarette smoke) and sun or wind exposure) and secondary conditions resulting from inflammation ( such as xerosis, hyperkeratosis, pruritus, post-inflammatory hyperpigmentation, scarring and the like), and reducing the appearance of discoloration or puffiness around the eye ( such as dark circles and bags under the eye
Application of spiral CT MPR for suspicious airway foreign bodies in children
The change of hemodynamics was monitored by Swan-Ganzcatheter, which was put in through the right jugular vein
Optimization of Preparative Separation and Purification of Water-soluble Substance from Salvia miltiorrhiza by Macroporous Resins;
Subjects needed to possess twelve scorable anterior teeth, free of large restorations, intrinsic stains, or dental prosthetic crowns which might interfere with the scoring of extrinsic stains;
Methods: The temperature difference between free skin flap and normal tongue tissue(△T)were measured by semiconductor thermometer in 40 tongue carcinoma patients within 3 days after forearm free skin flap transplantation.The relationship between the temperature,color difference and flap survival was analyzed and various intervention measures were taken to increase the flap temperature.
This may be accomplished, for example, by measuring the dissociation rates of the various metal complexes of the tetracycline compound of Formula (I) and then carefully selecting a particular complex based upon its properties.
Device provides estimate of bone mineral density (BMD) of spinal vertebrae.
Results:In the treated group,the overall response rate(CR and PR)was 44. 7%,while that in control group was 31. 3%(P<0.05).
the drug is biological agents, can not be used with Disinfectantchemicals, antibiotics at the same time.
hepatic venous pressure gradient; HVPG
Study of Cultured Skin Fibroblast Model in Wilson's Disease
Apoptosis in Advanced Human Atherosclerosis Plaques and the Expression of P53、Bcl-2、C-myc
The result indicated that the CTAB method,the SDS method,the improved CTAB method may successfully extract DNA,but regardless of the quality and the quantity,the improved CTAB method surpassed conventional CTAB,SDS,DNA extracted mostly presented the colorless transparency by the improved CTAB method,The A260/ A280 values was between 1.65¡«1.90,This quality of DNA was suitable for RAPD analysis.
Expression control using antibody expression optimisation sequences
Methods 65 patients with PFM crowns and bridges which had served for an average of 13.5 years attended the follow-up examination (106 crowns,7 bridges).
Conclusions It is necessary to operate posterior wall fractures of the acetabulum which is diagnosed correctly through integrating radiograph and CT with 3-D CT.
Monoclonal antibodies directed against binding cell surface epitopes in the polypeptides can also be readily produced by one skilled in the art.
The mRNA levels of IFN-γ in liver and PBL were evaluated dynamically after inoculation with virulent and attenuated DPV respectively by real-time PCR.
Construction and identification of calmodulin gene defective TRP1 yeast cell
Adsorption characteristics and mechanism of Cr (Ⅵ) on chitoan-yttrium porous microsphere
(3) parting the inserting mutation polymorphism of the NPM1 gene according to a polyacrylamide gel electrophoresis detecting result.
0.2m1/lOOkg for goat, 1.0 ? 0.2ml/lOOkg for sheep, 0.6 ? 0.2m1/ 100kg for cattle, 1.8 ?
As far as peptide analogs of antagonists are concerned, their usefulness as therapeutic agents and pharmacological tools has been hampered by their lack of oral absorption, short duration of action
These minocyline compounds can be used to treat numerous tetracycline compound-responsive states,
heart rate adjustment of ST segment Depression for identify and quantifying coronary arteriosclerosis disease
Textures of bilateral pulmonary fieldsBilateral lung markings increased and became become coarse and disordered,？Multiple multiple scattered lumps blur shadowswereare seen in ? pulmonary fields,with relatively even density,？? Shadow shadow of lung hilus became becomesthicC2k.
Keywords Transplantation Homologous Bone plates Mechanics Osteoanagenesis;
In contrast, tumor cells isolated from a relapsed patient who one week prior received rituximab treatment, responded to the CHK1 inhibitor (Formula 1.1) (IC50=11 nM) but not to fludarabine (IC50=5.1 .mu.M) or gemcitabine.
improve encoded macrocarriers, assay system use them and method for performing an assay
Promoter, an essential part in the vector for gene engineering expression, is an important cis acting element in the regulation of the gene expression
These effects maybe related to the up-regulated expression and re-distribution of some cellular growth factors such as PDGFR, AT1R and AT2R
The tricodon use rate can direct the biological formula of amino acids of low protein diet in chicken.
AIM: To explore whether adaptive immunity is involved in initiation of fungal keratitis (FK).
Method:Organizing daily meteorological factors such as temperature,pressure,humidity,wind data and the cases of incidence,the meteorological index prediction equation about the recurrence of ulcerative colitis was established to explore the protective effects of early intervention for recurrence of ulcerative colitis using Shuganjianpi drugs during the winter and spring climate change.
Side effects of thalidomide include drowsiness, fatigue, severe constipation, and neuropathy (nerve damage causing pain).
Atorvastatin hemi-calcium Form VII may be prepared by treating atorvastatin hemi-calcium Forms I or V with ethanol, preferably absolute ethanol, at room temperature to reflux temperature for a period of from about 1 h to about 24 h, preferably 2.5-16 h.
In collaboration with Prof. Eytan Domany and research student Michal Sheffer of the Insitute’s Physics of Complex Systems Department, Ben-Ze’ev then compared the expression of genes induced by L1-CAM in cultured colon cancer cells to those in 170 samples of colorectal cancer tissue removed from patients, and in 40 samples of normal colon tissue. Out of some 160 genes induced by L1-CAM, about 60 were highly expressed in the cancerous tissue, but not in normal colon tissue. Ben-Ze’ev plans to conduct further research into the role of these genes, to uncover L1-CAM’s function in metastasis.
The selection experiment showed that modified N6 medium by increasing Ca 2+ content from 1 .13mmol/L to 5 mmol/L promoted obviously embryogenic callus subculture grown from maize immature embryos. During one time of subculture, the growth rate of embryogenic callus of subcultured on the medium containing 5 mmol/L of Ca 2+ increased by 0 .8 time compared with that subcultured on the medium contenting 1 .13 mmol/L of Ca 2
Results In ablated tissues and the site of 0.5 cm far from the margin, apoptosis index in ablated tissues was(16.3±3.4) . higher than that in unablated tissues(7.1±1.6)(P< 0.01
Inhibitory effect of disodium quercetin-7, 4'-disulfate on aggregation of pig platelets induced by thrombin and its mechanism~1
but misdiagnosis and mistreatment of tuberculosis such as pelvic - peritoneal tuberculosis was frequent because of multiplex clinical manifestation and lack of specific diagnosis criteria.
6. The microbial composition of claim 1 comprising HYTa, chitin and amino acids.
MQ in patients with cortex and cortex combined subcortex infarction were significantly lower than those in patients with subcortex infarction( P < 0.01
it is preferable but not necessary to replace all that codon of the parent polynucleotide with synonymous codons have higher translational efficiencies in the CHO cells than the first codon.
Construction of TV Hammerhead Ribozyme Mosaicism Virus Transfer Vector FRzS
If we can replace lost cholinergic neurons, patients with neuron loss will be recovery completely
1. The Correlation of the Differential Expression of S100A4 Gene(mts1) with the Differentiation and Metastasis of Lung Cancer 2. Effects of HuTNF-α、hIL-2 Gene Transfection on the Expression of MDR1、LRP Gene in Lung Cancer
study of HpD two-photon fluorescence of canc tissue stimulated by femtosecond lase
Objective To study the proper distillation conditions of garlic essential oil by comparing the affecting factors on productivities and optimizing producing conditions
to get an experimental therapy for --
The data in Table I were obtained by averaging the the.DELTA.MAP of all animals for each dose prior to calculating the AOC-MAP. When the data contained in Table I was reviewed for the purpose of calculating the AOC-MAP by averaging the area over the dose response curve for each animal per dose, it was discovered that the AOC-MAP for 0.5 mg/kg RI plus 0.05 mg/kg captopril inadvertently reflected the data based on only three of the six subject test animals.
The invention has accurate and special detection result, simple detection mode and favorable using effect.
Methods 60 patients with esophageal cardiac carcinoma and diabetes mellitus were randomly divided into control group(conventional nursing) and observation group(nursing intervention),30 cases in each group.The incidence rate of complications,hospitalization time and satisfactory degree toward nursing were observed and compared between two groups.
The implant system 1 can further include at least one bone anchor 30, such as a plurality of bone anchors 30, illustrated as bone screws, that extend from the bone plate portion 27 and are configured to attach to underlying bone 6 to provide bone anchoring
Retrospect and Prospect of High Plant Genome Sequencing Projects
Semi-pure polysaccharide was graded and separated by gel column chromatography, two kinds of polysaccharide I and II obtained
In the same age period, influence of dominant height upon biomass is greafer than that of density. The biomass of 23 ages Larix kaempferi is 249.43 t·hm -2 . Net productivity is 16.83 t·hm -2 ·a -1 . The biomass is estimated by means of W=a(D 2H) b . The correlation coefficient comes up to significant level
Objective To Investigate the therapeutic efficacy of mouse nerve growth factor combined with methylprednisolone on acute retrobulbar neuritis(ARN).
Undercurve area of receiver operating characteristic(ROC) curve was 0. 905. Multiple Logistic regression model was conducted to adjust the potential confounding risk factors,such as age,gender,perioperative hemodynamic parameters,biochemical parameters,etc.There was a significant association between the mortality and AKIN(OR: 95%CI was 3. 67: 2. 35-5. 72,P value of the trend test was less than 0. 001).
Factors Affecting the Therapeutic Effect on Juvenile Amblyopia and Countermeasures
According to the sequencing results of the 5ˊ and 3ˊsegments of cNHX1 gene, 4primers, F01, F02, R01 and R02, were designed adopted to the principle of SOEing method.
Objective To study the relation between cathepsin B and paclitaxel-induced apoptosis in BGC-823 cells(gastric cancer cells).
in another study, specific CD44 variant were shown to be over-expressed at particular stages of colorectal tumor progression, and an unfavorable prognosi has been suggested for colorectal tumors expressing CD44v isoform previously associated with tumor metastasis ( 17, 18 ).
Results The improvement of operation time,blood loss,duration of hospital stay,drainage tube removal time,postoperative complications and recurrence was more pronounced in the treatment group than in the control group( P < 0. 05).
it is particularly useful for detect agents that cause DNA damage when assess whether it is safe to expose a person to DNA damaging agents.
Clinical and Experimental Studies on Treatment of Intractable Hiccup with Acupuncture at Futu Point
Methods A total of 135 patients with gastrointestinal lipoma diagnosed by EUS were retrospectively analyzed,and the endosonographic features were observed.EUS results of 40 patients were compared with pathological results after endoscopic treatment or surgery resection.
Results The ROC area of pancreatic cancer was 96. 7% when combined detection of CY211,CA199 and LPS was used in its diagnosis.The sensitivity of combined detection of CY211,CA199 and LPS was 92%.The serum CY211 level was higher in lymph node positive group and poor differentiation group than in lymph node negative group and high differentiation group(P<0.01).
is there any bleede? did her water break?
is prepare by a pure Chinese medicinal formula, can effectively nourish yin and clear heat, detoxify, promote metabolism, invite body fluid and pacify thirst and reduce blood sugar and blood fat, can effectively prevent complication caused by hyperglycemia and hyperlipidemia, and is suitable for popularization and application.
Construction of a retroviral recombinant containing antisense bcl-2 and sense bcl-Xs
Conclusion The overexpression of Snail might be important biological markers for malignant transformation and invasion and metastasis of laryngeal squamous cell carcinoma,and the up-regulation of the expression of Snail predicts more invasion and poor prognosis.
Results AZT resulted in an decrease in telomerase activity in both radiated and unradiated cells(1.121?.161, 1.019?.116 vs 1.567?.037,P<0.05). Telomere lengeth decreasing was investigated in radiated cells but not in unradiated cell.
Biodistribution of ~3H-methionine and ~3H-valine by Jejunal Feeding in Tumor Bearing Rats
By contraries at the time of leaving hospital, the compliance of drug therapy in the study group was significantly better than that in control group (χ2=7.75, P< 0.05
The application of laparoscopy in female pelvic floor repair is getting more and more attention.
A comparison of polysomnography in patients with PSD and depression
the upper limit of the additional amino acids,
The method comprises the conventional phases associated with an open heart surgery which places the patient in extracorporeal circulation.
Conclusions There are three patterns in both cytology and histology of thyroid atypical adenoma, belonging to carcinoma in situ in biologic behaviour.
AIM:To assess the role of low pressure pre dilation in the clinical outcome of patients undergoing percutaneous transluminal coronary angioplasty(PTCA) and stenting.
Study on pathological form in beside-cancer organization of breast cancer
Nuclear factor-κB (NF-κB) is one critical transcription factor required for maximal expression of manycytokines involved in the pathogenesis of acute lung injury.
study of mechanism of calcium transport in excitation contraction couple of guinea-pig ventricular myocytes
Sediment-water fluxes of dissolved nutrient were investigated at 5 stations(A2, E2, E4, E5, E6) in the Yellow Sea and the East China Sea in October 2000 and May 2001.The benthic fluxes of nutrient species were determined by incubating the sediment core sa
the solvent was evaporate under reduce pressure and that residue was purified by silica gel column chromatography with cyclohexane/ethyl acetate ( 4/1) as an eluent, to give the title compound ( 0.20 g, 87% yield) as a colorless powder
Application of Dexmedetomidine Anesthesia for Fiberoptic Bronchoscopy with a Target-controlled Infusion of Propofol
Objective: To explore clinical effects of manipulation release in treating achilles tendonitis.
the alkyl group as X8, include, for example, a methyl group, an ethyl group, a n-propyl group, an isopropyl group, a n-butyl group, a sec-butyl group, a tert-butyl group, an isobutyl group, a n-pentyl group, a neopentyl group, a tert-pentyl group, a n-hexyl group, a n-octyl group, a n-decyl group, a n-dodecyl group, a n-pentdecyl group and a n-eicosyl group
Application of Compound Enzyme on Old Newsprint De-inking
"Homologous recombination" refers to the insertion of a foreign DNA sequence of a vector in a chromosome.
Conclusion The combination of non-ketotic hyperglycemia,chorea and striatal hyperintensity on T1-weighted MRI could constitute a unique syndrome.The imaging patterns may show cerebral petechial hemorrhage resulting from metabolic disorders which cause the damage of basal ganglionic motor loop and result in the occurrence of chorea symptoms.
wherein after the first implantation of the lead along a trajectory that is pre-determined by non-surgical procedures, the array of stimulation and sensing elements facilitate locating the target area and determining, for each of the stimulation elements, the required stimulation parameters needed for therapeutic tissue stimulation without requiring additional implantations of the lead.
The recovery of 137Cs from 1AW of power reactor fuels can be easily performed by adsorption on a new complex inorganic ion exchanger (titanius phosphate-AMP), which is first synthesized in our laboratory
Results The median follow-up period was20(5~31) months; all patients achieved complete engraftment. The median period to gain absolute neutrophil count> 0.5×10 9 /L was15(11~20) d and that for platelet count> 20×10 9 /L without transfusion was20(10~35) d
R-phycoerythrin-labeled antibody was applied to detect CSFV by use of solid-phase immunofluorescence detection method on a CNBr-activated sepharose spheres.
Freshly removed porcine kidney covered with crassus pigskin(including skin,grease and musculature) was used for PCN to puncture the kidney under X-ray in order to establish an operating access.The ureter was catheterized for retrograde pyelography.
When the active material is a protein, the milling may be preceded by lyophilisation (freeze drying) of the protein either pure or in combination with an additive material and/or a polymeric stabliser.
Objective:In order to accurately determine the content of adenosine in the cordyceps related healthcare products,the method for determination of adenosine by HPLC was optimized.
PA accelerated the yeast growth and proliferation, advanced the logarithmic growth phrase and promoted the yeast gemmation
Mutation screening in selected exons of myosin 7a gene in prelingual non-syndromic hearing impairment patients
Results After a variety of examinations and specific treatment the definite diagnosis was finally made in 105 cases(90. 5%).
The color of artificial skin grafted was very similar to the natural skin and the formed scar was very small.
The reactive group is preferably of a type which is able to create a connection to the the nascent template-directed molecule by either direct reaction between the respective reactive groups or by using a suitable fill-in group.
is demonstrate by that markedly thickened arteriole to the low right of this glomerulus with PAS stain
Strong support for a pathogenic role of the antibody would come from studies demonstrating a correlation between AQP4-Ab (AQP4-antibody) titres and the clinical course of disease
The invention discloses a pharmaceutical preparation for curing toothache and a preparation method thereof, pertaining to the medicine for curing toothache.The medical preparation is made from herba verbenae, rhizoma belamcandae, radices tinosporae, berberidis and asarum.
the invention significantly improves the stability of the eye drops,, and the content of the eye drops after being kept for 20 days at the room temperature is above 90 percent, thereby prolonging the effective duration after first use.
Diantipyrylmethane and Ti are formed into stability yellow complex in 1. 2~2. 5 mol/L HCl medium. Lambert-Beer's law is obeyed in the range of 0~100 μg/50 mL at 420 nm
Methods 122 unrelated individuals of the Africa population were tested by using SinofilerTM kit,genetic polymorphisms data was analyzed by Powerstats V12、Genopop 3. 4、Mega 3. 4 software.
Furthermore, the invention refers to a method of generating a dopamin and tyrosin hydroxylase as well as a HLA-G and hepatocytes using UCMC and/or UCEC.
Pressure control across a cell layer is of particular importance for mimicking conditions of cells that perform transport functions in vivo, such as the various cells found in the kidney.
Objective To investigate the diagnostic value of E-bronchoscopy in pediatric tracheobronchial foreign bodies(TBFB).
in vitro culture of calcitonin Gene-Related peptide and neuropeptide Y immunoreactive neurone from atrial wall of newborn rats
The therapeutic effects of a new antibiotic S632A on the mice infected with herpes simplex virus type 1
Perioperative nursing care of patients with zygomatic complex fracture
Methods 53 patients with thyroid dysfunction were divided into initial hyperthyroidism group and initial hypothyroidism group, to measure their serum leptin content and other relative parameters, and they were compared with 44 healthy peoples (control group
synchronous exchange transfusion speed was 200 ml/h, that prepare blood was double the children's total blood volume 150 - 180 ml/kg, the total serum cholesterol, indirect bilirubin,, living sign and saturation oxygen were measure before and after exchange transfusion
in any event, by perform that reduction treatment at a temperature in the range of 80. degree. -150. degree. C., preferably 100. degree. -130. degree. C., the produced vanadium-phosphorus oxide is enable to acquire the pattern of an X-ray diffraction spectrum and the intensity ratio of peaks mentioned above.
the pore size can be vary and optimized, as desire, to allow a controlled delivery rate of that agents ls); the controlled delivery rate can be for either chronic and / or acute treatment
In many embodiments , the polymeric binder layer 154 may include both polyester and multi-functional acrylate , curable acrylate , and / or acrylate / epoxy materials .
curative- -prophylactic
As the aqueous solvent, water or a solvent mixture of water with an alcoholic solvent is preferred.
Type I receptors and the intracytoplasmic signaling molecules are shared with the bone morphogenetic family
Cytogenetic and bcr/abl Fusion-gene detection in chronic myeloid leukemia in 53 cases.
Evaluation of neoplastigenesis of 5 types of passage animal cell lines in nude mice
Study on Phenotype Determination and Natural Cytotoxicity in Vitro of Murine Splenic and Intestinal Intraepithelial Lymphcytes in Cold Adaptation
genetic alterations , however , caused by both heritable and environmental factors can lead to pathogenic and unregulated growths and tumors .
Transition Metal Complexes Derived from 1 N (6 Nitrobenzimidazole 1 acetyl) 4 phenyl thiosemicabazide
The production method includes soaking clean glutinuous rice, mashing,mixing yeast, fermentation. The fermented rice wine row juice is added with water,yeast and white granulated sugar to proceed secondary fermentation to convert the starch of distillen's grain into sugar and alcohol fully, then filtration, homogenization, filling, sealing, sterilization to obtain the product.
Methods:186 cases were randomized into two groups.
RESULTS (1)Serum CA125 levels and the positive rate of EmAb in 91 patients with endometriosis weresignificantly higher than that of 16 controlled women.
the resulting slurry was then filtered and washed with deionised water to remove residual sodium.the wet cake was then hydrothermaliy treated at 1 barg for 5 hours and then dried.
In conclusion,the H5N1 virus HA membrane protein by intratracheal instillation elicits a strong pathological immune response in the host,resulting in immune injury of peripheral lymphoid organs and immune cells and acute lung injury.
Mutations of RET proto-oncogene in Hirschsprung's disease and its allied disorders
As a result,the hardness of blood plasma gel can be controlled by closing blood plasma type and heating with proper condition accordingly.
Determination of Tetrahydropalmatine in Nübao Capsule by HPLC
Studies on Extraction and Purification of Flavonoids From Nicandra Physaloides
the ID read ( 42 ) scans that area to detect whet the clinician identification is present.
CONCLUSION: Clinical pharmacist’s involvement in treatment practice to provide individualized pharmaceutical care contributed to safe,effective and economic medication.
sperm motility was study using a computerised motility analyse on at least two samples.
STUDY OF PROBE-PREPARATION OF THE EXPRESSION GENES FOR K562 CELL LINE
the product purity of a protein bioactive material can be less than about 5 percent, 4 percent 3 percent, 2 percent, or less total aggregate and fragments on reconstitution of that pow particles
Trigeminal depressor response during microcompression for trigeminal neuralgia
The percentage of CD44+CD24-/low cells in circulating blood from 10 patients with metastatic triple-negative breast cancer was decreased after chemotherapy with 1-fold of PPC(P<0.05).
Based on the study of the strains' survival rate and positive mutation frequency, the appropriate irradiation dose was determined.
Hip Implants Segment Breakdown
Study on Interaction of Anionic Surfactant SDS and Bovine Serum Albumin by Fourier Transform Infrared Spectroscopy
Influence of Fasudil on plasma osteopontin level in patients with coronary heart disease and diabetes undergoing percutaneous cardiac intervention
Sometimes these are loosely joined at their margins but there is never any anastomosis between their blood vessels
suitable reverse ester include, for example, 2-mercaptoethyl stearate, 2-mercaptoethyl caproate, 2-mercaptoethyl tallate, 2-mercaptoethyl octanoate, and mixtures comprise one or more of that foregoing reverse mercaptoesters
recent observations from a polymerase chain reaction ( PCR ) -study ( Johnston , 1993 ) with naturally rhinovirus infected persons indicates that the actual range for rhinovirus infections involved in common cold syndrome probably is at least twofold higher , compared to findings obtained via the traditional cell culture techniques ( 40 % ) .
Results 6 hours after cardiopulmonary resuscitation,average of Ca2+ fluorescence intensity in cardiocytes of rats in model group and Xuebijing group were higher than those in sham operation group(P<0.01).
the matrix may contain one or more layers carrying arrays of microneedles 72 or other surface features designed to physically penetrate the stratum corneum and promote delivery of medicaments intradermal or transdermally.
Identification of variant genes correlated with age related macular degeneration,
Methods A total of 50 patients with suspected prostate cancer underwent DWI before TRUS-guided biopsy of the prostate.
Methods1. Animal model building and fundus observation: An experimental model of retinal vein occlusion was been established photodynamically in cat left eyes. The fundus of the eyes were observed by fundus color photography and fundus fluorescein angiography (FFA) before and at day 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 14 and 28 after occlusion
OBJECTIVE: To detect the relationship between breast cancer and life style.
such grossly normal-appearing colonic mucosal cell may be collected from non-invasive or minimally invasive procedure.
STUDY ON WORKING CONDITIONS UNDER WHICH SOLUTION EFSh40 VITRIFIES
Effect of Aluminum on Learning and Memory of Mice
Studies on Microwave Extraction of the Pigment from Begonia fimbristipula Hance
INFLUENCE OF CAVITY SIZE ON LUMINESCENCE BEHAVIOR OF α-BROMONAPHTHALENE IN AQUEOUS CYCLODEXTRINS SOLUTION
Research progress on the genome and genetic engineering vaccine of HCV
in that present invention, the functional group ( Y ) is not particularly limit so far as it is a group reacting with the functional group ( X ) in the block copolymer ( A ), and at least one kind selecte from an epoxy group, a carboxyl group, a hydroxyl group, an amino group and an acid anhydride group is preferable from the viewpoints of stability of a bond generated by the reaction, easiness of the reaction, and the cost of the compound ( B ).
FIG. 6. Graphical representation of fluorescence intensity versus wavelength for free TRITC dye, cores, normal shell particles and densified shell particles.
THE EFFECT OF GYPENOSIDES ON LEUKEMIA P388 CELLS AND ITS MECHANISM STUDY
The high performance liquid chromatography detection methods for selenomethionine in selenium-enriched yeast is established,which utilizes protein enzymes for selenomethionine extraction,dansyl chloride for derivatizaiton,C18 reverse column(4. 6 mm×250 mm i.
Actuality and Current of Early Exercise Test after Acute Myocardial Infarction
Objective To investigate the characteristics of CD4+CD25+ regulatory T cells in intrauterine infection with hepatitis B virus and its significance.
Studies on Polymorphism of Plasma Alkaline phosphatase of some Native Chicken Breeds in Guizhou Province
In Formula I, a yellow dye which is, a thioxanthone, has been selected for the differential concentration moiety of the proto-drug.
It can delay premature skin aging and skin pigmentation caused by cell senescence; it can also protect skin from sunburn; it's also good for hair care; it's suitable for all skin types.
All the results showed that 2 g/L of the tea polyphenols can improve the property of gelatin significantly.
Conclusions:Smad3 gene expression in carcinoma tissue is decreased while Smad7 gene expression in cancer tissue is increased.Smad3 gene expression and Smad7 gene expression are related with stage of gastric carcinoma and degree of differentiation.Correlated expression of these two genes plays certain role in the occurrence and development of gastric carcinoma.
Soybean meal (SBM) contains high protein and amino acids. It is a protein source in animal diet. However, the amount of SBM used in young animal diet is limited by anti-nutritional factors (ANFs). The purpose in this study was to improve the availability
study of two-dimensional Doppler echocardiography in differential diagnosis dilate cardiomyopathy and ischemic cardiomyopathy
frozen tissues were thawed ,
influence of musical treat ment on anxiety and Depression of postoperative ICU patient
Preparation of parathion imprinted polymer and its application for the determination of parathion in water
Conclusion The antihypertensive drug combination therapy complied with the Chinese Hypertension Prevention Guide requirement,but the use of combination of antihypertensive drugs and diuretic drugs seems to be fewer.
Objective To invstigate the status of elderly depression and its influence factors of the Hui nationality and the Han nationality in community and to provide the reference for the further effective prevention and treatment of senile depression in local area.
The flow cytometry analysis showed that CNHK600-IL-24 induced apoptosis in the MDA-MB-231 cells,but the apoptosis of MRC-5 cells was low.
The CT character of brain tuberous sclerosis
Inhibition deficit theory proposes that OTV is closely related to the age-related decline in inhibiting irrelevant information, providing explanations for OTV on both autobiographical and non-autobiographical topics.However, this theory does not clearly clarify the ageing mechanism on OTV.
The double labeled expression of choline acetyltransferase(ChAT) and c-fos in the nucleus accumbens(NAc) core and shell were assayed by immunohistochemistry.
An eck receptor ligand may be used alone or in combination with standard chemotherapy or radiation therapy for cancer treatment.
high incidence of that third head of bicep brachii in south African populations
Example 3 Crude sodium bentonite originating from Wyoming With a smectite content of 85 % by weight was used as starting smectite-containing substance. 1.0 g of sodium carbonate dissolved in 80 ml of water was added under stirring to 500 g of the starting substance to obtain a mixture containing 36 % by weight of water.
Then, pWH1-CXCR4 expression vector were transfected into salivary mucoepidermoid carcinoma Mc3 cells. At last, the expression of CXCR4 in Mc3 transfected with pWH1-CXCR4 expression vector was evaluated by RT-PCR and flow cytometry analysis.
small bone window craniotomy in 62 case with hypertensive intracerebral hemorrhage
Results The age of the five patients ranged from 12 to 48 years(median 33). Among the 5 cases, 3 cases were females and 2 males
Methods The immunohistochemitry (ElivisionTM plus) was used to examine the expression of iNOS, eNOS and nNOS in nasal mucosa at the end of inferior turbinate from patients undergoing NPC(n=22), NPC after radiotherapy(n=17) and deviation of nasal septum(n=11).
carotid arteries obtained from Fc-treated mice served as controls .
Following the synthetic scheme shown in reaction scheme 1, they start from type (3) compounds with free carboxylic acid and use (i) as base, n-butyl lithium, in a ratio relative to the type (3) compound of 7.5 equivalents of base/equivalent of type (3) compound and (ii) as Wittig reagent, (3-dimethylaminopropyl)-triphenylphosphonium bromide hydrobromide, in a ratio relative to the type (3) compound of 4.9 equivalents of the Wittig reagent/equivalent of type (3) compound.
The serum level of HbA1c was measured in peripheral venous blood by in all the patients, and the GRACE risk score were assessed in patients with type 2 diabetes.
Objective Analysis the impact of screening alanine aminotransferase(ALT) before donate on blood scrap.Discuss the significance of reducing abandonment of the blood.
Detection of -Sugarcane mosaic virus- by dot hybridization and RT PCR technique
Among adult mouse organs, the mRNA was expressed at high levels in the heart, brain, liver, and skeletal muscle, and the level was lower in the kidney, testis, spleen, and lung.
thus releasing the active vaccine and adjuvant into the water or saline solution.
An Improved Tear-duct Flushing Needle for Treating Dacryocystitis of Newborn Babies
Methods 80 patients were randomly divided into control group and treatment group,40 patients in each group.The control group were treated by the standard treatment options;the treatment group were added with Chinese medicine steam treatment.The course of treatment is 10 days.
solution-based processing approaches in solution based processes, the polymer is dissolved into a solution.
a method of using a spinal needle delivery system having a cannula with at least one barb projecting from a distal surface thereof is provided .
Objective To explore the clinical application of a new diagnostic reagent(one-step) for chlamydia trachomatis DNA detection.
the method comprises emitting electromagnetic radiation into the anatomical structure from at least one electromagnetic radiation source, generating a first ultrasonic acoustic wave from the tissue, receiving the first ultrasonic acoustic wave, reconstructing a first image dataset of the tissue based on the received first ultrasonic acoustic wave, emitting a second ultrasonic acoustic wave into the anatomical structure, receiving the second ultrasonic acoustic wave, and reconstructing a second image dataset of the tissue based on the received second ultrasonic acoustic wave.
Objective To investigate the effect of nursing intervention on treatment of infantile autumn diarrhea.
the trauma may be in the form of a fractured or broken bone or deep bruising .
Treatment of anaphylactoid purpura in children:a report of 65 cases
Results The positive rates of eIF4E in NTT, NGPH and PTC were 11.6%(10/86), 50.0%(10/20) and 84.8%(56/66) respectively(P<0.01), and those of p-4EBP1 were 8.1%(7/86), 40.0%(8/20) and 66.7%(44/66) respectively
indicate by clinical follow-up of 30 months, there are no evidence of spinal instability and spinal canal stenosis.
The chicken feed is prepared from yellow maize, soybean meal, shell powder, calcium hydrogen phosphate, trace element complex, vitamin complex, Radix Codonopsis, Astragalus membranaceus, Angelica sinensis, Rhizoma Cimicifugae, Leonurus heterophyllus, Massa Medicata Fermentata, Herba Epimedii, Zostera marina, Lycium barbarum fruit, Radix Bupleuri, Atractylodes macrocephala, Psoralea corylifolia, Crataegus pinnatifida, Strychnos nux-vomica seed, Ligustrum lucidum fruit, Cuscuta chinensis seed, pine needle, and Radix Glycyrrhizae.
Results The positive rates of DR 70 TM were 92 85%,92 85%,83 33%,83 78% for esophageal carcinoma, gastric cancer, cancers of colon and rectum, hepatic cancer respectively.
Finally, 20 articles concerning treatment progress of distraction osteogenesis and clinical application of implant were included.
Cells were seeded onto 6.5-mm collagen-coated PFTE membrane Costar Transwells (Fisher Scientific) at 75,000 cells per well and cultured to confluence.
similar role of a Cilia-polycystins complex in kidney and bone
even though the disease may be contracted also through sharing needles, contamination with body fluids and from infected mother to fetus, yet, it is usually the man who has brought the disease into the home.
the obtain CD34+ cells can induce canc cells to differentiate into benign cells, and can be used for treat cancers, such as soft tissue tumors, lymphoma, brain cancer, esophageal cancer, uterine cancer, cervical cancer, bone cancer, lung cancer, endometrial carcinoma, bladder cancer, breast cancer, larynx cancer, colon cancer, cancer of rectum, gastric cancer, ovarian cancer, pancreatic cancer, adrenal cancer and prostatic cancer
in ring-opening polymerization, a polylactic acid polymer is obtain from lactides, which are cyclic dimer of lactic acids, using a selected catalyst and optionally a polymerization regulator
And this was blocked by ZDC (C) PR, an antagonist of AVP4-8.
A STUDY ON THE REACTION OF PHOSPHATE BONDED ALUMINA CASTABLES AT 105~500℃
A Study of Myocardium Collagen Content and in Changes Phenotypes of Overiectomized Aging Rhesus Monkey
Polyadenylation involves recognizing the processing site signal, (AAUAAA), and cleaving of the mRNA to create a 3' OH terminal end to which poly A polymerase (POLYNUCLEOTIDE ADENYLYTRANSFERASE) adds 60-200 adenylate residues.
Preparation of Anti 11. 8KD hBMP's McAb and its Preliminary Clinical Application
By analyzing these images,descending order of the ONL thickness is N、E0、D.The experimental results cite that the ONL thickness of E0 group will be increased after EPO treated.
Suitably the phase transfer catalyst is a quaternary ammonium or phosphonium salt preferably containing bulky organic groups, usually alkyl or aralkyl groups, to make it soluble in the organic phase.
Defense mechanism and congnition in somatization disorder
Microwave-assisted Extraction and Nitrosation Inhibition Activity of Total Flavonoids from Passiflora edulis Rind
Primary intraspinal peripheral primitive neuroectodermal tumor:two cases report
anti-prostate cancer
Mechanisms of early gastro intestinal ischemia after burn:hemodynamic and hemorrheologic features\
Change of Selenium Deposit in Tissues and Blood Biochemical Parameters in Broilers Fed Selenium Enriched Chinese Milkvetch
The phagocytosis of macrophages and the clearance rate of charcoal particles were enhanced only by a large dose(0.8 mg/kg).
improve memory in subjects with mini-mental state examination of 24-26
Objective To explore the clinical effect of endoscopic sinus surgery in the treatment of chronic pharyngitis rhinogenous.
the alkoxylate alkylamines have that peaked distribution of the present invention are characterized in having a peaked distribution define by a degree of peaking of at least 5 % greater than the distribution of a conventional alkoxylated amine composition prepared via conventional base catalysis.
The chromosome number of most of the regenerated plants was between 142310.Among them, plants with chromosome number of 2n=6x=174 were 20.7%, that of less than 174 were 31.0% and that of more than 174 were 48.3
The quantitative analysis of 40% thiram · carbendazim wettable powder by reverse phase HPLC using methanol and 0.5%ammonia liquor(50:50) as mobile phase,YWG C18 column and variable ultraviolet detector was described.
Progress in Etiology of Anemia in Preterm Infants
At 60 minutes, target concentration had to be increased to 2. 4 J. g/ml in 7 volunteers and to 3.0 llg/ml in 2 volunteers.
The length of CS patients’ stay in the ICU have been reduced to 7 days for 7 patients (8.8%) when L-Lysine aescinate and L-Lysine aescinate + Tiocetam administered in complex treatment.
The Investigate and Analysis of CT Evaluation in Therapy of Splenic Trauma (An Analysis of 198 Cases)
Unusual X-ray Features of Pulmonary Tuberculosis Mimicking Lung Cancer
The suspended gold nanowires with 6 nm in length and diameters down to 0.6 nm were successfully prepared and characterized by electron-beam irradiation on a gold thin film in an ultrahigh vacuum transmission electron microscopy (UHVTEM).
Results:The optimal extraction process is:70% ethanol extract two times and its amount was 10 times and 8 times,respectively.The extract time was 2. 0h and1.
Methods Cortical neurons from newborn SD rat were primarily cultured.Purity of cells was assessed by immunofluorescence techniques.
The heart rate of posttherapy was lower than that of pretherapy (treated group P= 0.0114, control group P= 0. 0411).
STUDIES ON BIOLOGICAL CHARACTERISTICS OF VEGETATIVE MYCELIUM OF Agrocybe cylindracea
Protective effect of glycin on hypoxic rat myocardial cells
FIG. 1 illustrates the growth inhibition for each Lactobacillus strain, where each bar represents the mean growth of three C. albicans strains and three C. glabrata strains respectively.
Conclusion The expressions of CD105 increase in gastric cancer tissue,and its expressions and metastases are related with Duke stage,which is helpful in anticipating prognosis.
Accordingly, the benzyl halide present in the polymer used to form the matrix material is at least about 1.2 meq/g but not more than about 3.9 meq/g.
cDNA Cloning of lactoferin and Its Characteristics in the Tianzhu White Yak
Surgical treatment of part of endocardial cushion defect
Clinical, imaging and pathological features of intracerebral inflammatory pseudotumour (report of 1 case)
Study on Batch Extractive Distillation for High Purity Methanol
Substitution of tyrosine at position 384 from the N-terminus of human CRBN or an equivalent amino acid with alanine
The Antimicrobial Activity of Total Tanshinones-β-cyclodextrin in Vitro
Direct Sequencing in Hemophilia A Carrier Diagnosis and Prenatal Diagnosis
This is referred to as signal transduction, and the amplified signal increases Testosterone's anabolic effects to stimulate muscle growth
High astigmatism (above 3D) is usually a congenital disease which frequently causes amblyopia.Heredity may be the major cause of high astigmstism
Results The rabbits in model group had the less weak thickness of fibrous cap and the greater areas of lipid core than the treatment group.And the vascular elasticity in simvastin treatment group were better than that of the model group(P<0.05).The ratio of thickness of fibrous cap and the lipid core areas were negativly related to pressure-strain elasticity modulus(Eρ) and the stiffness parameter(β).
Advance in Immunology of Porcine Reproductive and Respiratory Syndrome
Objective To study the impact of preoperative nutrition on 3-year survival of colon cancer patients after surgery.
【Conclusion】It is suggested that StAC is involved in many procedures of S. turcica,including conidial formation,pathogenicity,hyperosmotic stress response,HT-toxin activity and the biosynthesis metabolism of pigmen.
Study on High Alchol Production Yeast by Whey Fermented Screening by Using UV-light Irradiated K.Marxianus Protoplast
Data indicates that animals fed the compositions of the present invention (or those whose dams were fed the compositions during gestation and prior to weaning but continued throughout growth of their litters), demonstrate enhanced neurologic development, In one aspect, the invention relates to a method to enhance the neurologic development of a growing animal comprising administering to said animal a composition of the present invention.
Application of cDNA microarray in screening pancreatic cancer-related gene
Objective:To analyse the MR manifestations in chordoma of the skull base, evaluate the value of diagnosis and differential diagnosis with MRI in basicranial chordoma
The experimental results showed that Hg2+, Cd2+ and Cu2+ might injure photosynthetic systems, protective enzyme systems, substance metabolism systems, and cell structure of Submerged macrophytes. Resistance ability from endogenous protective systems and stability of biological membrane were key to resist heavy metals in plants
Characteristics and recurrence intervals of large earthquakes along the middle-northern segment of the Longmenshan fault zone
Conclusion Compared to meropenem,biapenem has similar efficacy in treatment of respiratory and urinary system infection,but with study
The positive cell rates of osteopontin expression in grades Ⅰ, Ⅱ, Ⅲ and Ⅳ gliomas were 11.3%±6.2%, 21.8%±11.2%, 36.7%±18.3% and 49.4%±16.5% respectively. There was significant difference in osteopontin expression among the gliomas of different pathological grades (P< 0.05
At same time, the invention provides a method for cultivating transgenic plant in which the gene is expressed excessively or antisense suppressed.
The structure and thermal properties were characterized by means of intrinsic viscosity,FTIR,DSC and TG.
Through reverse Northern blotting, 63 positive fragments were obtained with the positive percentage of 42.6
The cutaneous branches supplied the anterolateral skin of the crus.
if a large enough bile duct can be found to anastomose and provide bile drainage, then surgery can be curative.
The S ′ J(A 2) mainly reflects gene identity and the S ′ H(A 2) mainly reflected gene diversity
Objective To set up the bioluminescence method of detecting ATP concentration in cells.
and, modulating a function of and/or the expression of Dystrophin family in mammalian cells or tissues in vivo or in vitro.
Compared with isolated unilateral pontine infarcts not extending to the surface,isolated unilateral pontine infarction extending to the surface involves larger territory.
Among the cocatalysts investigated, AlEtCl2 is the best one to promote the oligomerization of olefins. Under the optimal reaction conditions,T = 80℃. Al/ Yb=40, the activity of the YbCl3-AlEtCl2 for the oligomerization of ethylene has reached 3400 mol C2H4/mol Yb.
Her age is calculated based on the molecular clock technique of correlating elapsed time with observed genetic drift
Results The total effective rate of the treatment group(86. 67%)was higher than that of the control group(44. 41%),the difference was statistically significant(P<0.05).After treatment,MCV and SCV of common peroneal nerve of the treatment group were faster than those of the control group(P<0.05).
other surfactants include, but are not limited to alkyl phenol, alkyl sufate,
After operation,there were 42. 86% and 37. 76%,respectively.The preoperative scores of HAMA were significantly higher than the postoperative scores(t=3. 027,P=0. 003).
Objective To investigate the value of real-time fluorescence quantitative PCR in diagnosis of 22q11 deletion.
Knee Block Anesthesia in the Clinical Application of Foot and Ankle Surgery
There was statistical difference between normal control group and ischemia /reperfusion group( P <0.
Successful Treatment of Rejecting Reaction from Ventricular Drainage Due to Post-operative Auditory Neuroma
Rules on different symptoms: wheat,Fructus Schisandrae Chinensis,prepared Radix Rehmanniae Recens were used for insomnia;Radix Notoginseng,Ganoderma,Radix Rehmanniae Recens were used for chest fullness;Ganoderma,Radix Notoginseng,Silene fortunei Vis.were used for weakness.
the specie =N-O-X is also a polymerization or copolymerization initiator since it is capable of generating a p lymerization-initiating free radical, X*, and its initiator functionality FINIT is 1
a colorimetric analysis for serum alanine aminotransferase ( ALT ) level was used to determine whether liver injury occurred in mice subjected to HS / R. The alanine aminotransferase test is one of a group of tests known as liver function tests and is used to monitor damage to the liver .
Corneal neovascularization can result from corneal ulcers .
Blast analysis indicated that the sequence homology is 85% between Kr gene and S-locus receptor kinase gene in the same regions.Thus,the Kr gene was preliminarily speculated to possess similar function with plant self-incompatibility gene,which promoted cellulae mastoideaes to accumulate calloses in chapiters,and influenced the competitive ability of exogenous male pollens,which eventually resulting in the incompatibility of distant hybridization in wheat.
Methods 20 cases of healthy adults and 100 cases of patients with bladder cancer were involved.and effectiveness of in diagnosis of the Bladder urothelial carcinoma.The nucleus of shedding cells were detected by FISH and Serum MMP-9 contents were detected in 100 patients with transitional cell carcinoma of bladder and 20 healthy controls by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay(ELISA).
A morphology and knowledge-based automatic segmentation of intracranial structures on cerebral computerized tomography
Two patients underwent selective arterial embolization because of severe bleeding after the operation,no patients suffered from aerothorax,intestinal injury and other complications.
Saturated NaHCO3 solution (20 mL) was added and the reaction was extracted with EtOAc (3*50 mL).
Analysis of the Relationship between Blood-group Distribution of the Patient Received Blood Transfusion at Night and the Seasons
The studies investigated BCPA in respects of animal experimental model, clinical application, two dimensional Doppler examination, radionuclide lung perfusion imaging, angiography, etc.
Methods 64 healthy adults were selected in medical examination center of Anzhen hospital and conventional determination of liver and kidney function,serum total cholesterol(TC),high density lipoprotein cholesterol(HDLC),triglyceride(TG),fasting plasma glucose(FPG).Serum markers of cholesterol synthesis and absorption were determined with gas chromatogram.
The effects of pH value, scanning rate and guanine concentration were discussed.
Further G3PDH activities which were localized in the cytosol and the plastids were detected in other plants such as peas, maize or soya (Gee R W et al. (1988) PLANT PHYSIOL 86(1): 98-103).
According to a seventh aspect of the present invention, there is provided use of metronidazole or a pharmacologically acceptable derivative thereof in the manufacture of a topical medicament to reduce edema following a surgical operation to the colon, rectum, anorectum or perianal region.
uptake index
Suitable wavelengths for such a bi-chromatic correction are 900 nm (a wavelength that makes red blood cells appear dark due to their scattering properties) and 700 nm for which the contrast is minimal between the cells and their background
From using bioluminescent plant as light,to applying green fluorescent proteins as protein expression markers in cells;from researches on the mechanism of bioluminescence,to the developments of new types of fluorescent proteins-the secrets of life is lighting up.
Objective To study the differentially expressed miRNA-204 in distal gastric adenocarcinoma and its role in pathogenesis and progress of gastric cancer.
the relationship between tumor angiogenesis and cellular proliferation activity in nasal invert papilloma
Examples for IRES elements are the picornaviral IRES elements or the 5 ' non-coding region of the hepatitis C virus .
significant linear correlation was found between IL-2 production and IL-2R expression (PHC group: r=0.414, P< 0.01; control group: r=0.804, P< 0.01), while a significant reverse correlation was found between IL-2 activity and serum sIL-2R level (PHC group: r=-0.506, P< 0.01; control group: r=-0.422, P< 0.05
Method: Detect survival rate of using doxorubicine or doxorubicine and Liushengwan in MTT;detect expression of MDR1 mRNA in RT-PCR;detect protein expression of MDR1 in Western blot.
health effect can’t be predicted by looking at one physiological consequence
The invention relates to medicine, in particular to hepatology and virology, and can be used for treating, even until the absolute recovery, patients suffering from viral hepatitis C, including the chronic form thereof.
Changes in Bone Mineral Density in Ovariectomized Rats
Clinical Effect of Compound Glycyrrhizin Injection in Treatment of Acute Urticaria
On the day of experiment, compound A or a vehicle (control group, 0.5% methylcellulose) was administered orally with a dose of 4 ml/kg, and after 15 minutes, the measurement of defecation was commenced
hebephrenic type
Further possibilities are provided by multi-pass sequencing, wherein the sequence is derived by sequencing the same strand multiple times.
Application of epidural anesthesia on herpes zoster
The aim of this study was to evaluate the effect of ginger on fasted gallbladder size and test- meal induced gallbladder cantractility in humans.
Conclusion:Hypermethylation of SFRP2 gene in peripheral blood has some associations with CRC,and might be a high potential biomarker for the early screening of CRC.
. For purposes of the present invention, the alignment of two amino acid sequences is determined by using the Needle program from the EMBOSS package (http://emboss.org) version 2.8.0.
synthesis of n-ethyl-phenothiazine and its derivative
PGE1could inhibit CD62p expressing correlatively with concentration.
During the process of electrolytic activation in the electrolytic cell utilised by the authors, three broad classes of product are believed to be produced, namely: (i) Stable products: These are acids (in the anolyte) and bases (in the catholyte) that influence the pH of the solution in question, as well as other active species; (ii) Highly active unstable products: These include free radicals and other active ion species with a half-life of typically less than 48 hours.
Randomized and Controlled Study on Yu-Le-Shu Composition in Treatment of Depression with Liver Depression Transforming into Fire
Clinical Analysis of Calcium and Phosphate Metabolism in Peritoneal Dialysis Patients
SYNERGISTIC REGULARITY OF AB TYPE EXTRACTION MECHANISM OF U(Ⅵ) WITH BINARY SYSTEM HDBP+TBPO
Objective To explore the effect of lightweight part-absorbable mesh plug in treating inguinal hernia.
in another embodiment, that prim contains one or more nucleotide complementary to the nucleotide treated using the methylation-specific reagent.
The results showed that the Ce conversion coating was consisted by two-layer-coatings and conversion processing in the optimization of process conditions is able to improve the resistance of basement to corrosion,the adaptability of Ce conversion coating to epoxy resin was better than to fluorocarbon resin.
Fine Mapping of the Recessive Genic Male-sterile Restorer in Brassica Napus;
The apoptosis of HCT116 cells was induced by different of Flavone Components from Spina Gleditsiae and the apoptosis rate was(35. 00±3.76)% at 100 mg/L.
HPTPbeta (first described in Kruegar et al., EMBO J., 9, (1990)) has been suggested for modulating the activity of angiopoietin receptor-type tyrosine kinase Tie-2, e.g., WO 00/65088).
Study on Estrogenity of Substituted Phenols and Analysis of the Relationship between Structure and Activity
Methods Twenty cases aged from 22-27 years were randomly selected.The direct measurement and photogrammetry were respectively used to measure the distance between the two inner canthus,distance from inner canthus to outer canthus,height of palpebral fissure and distance from the superior border of upper eyelid to the inferior border of superciliary arch in the vertical line where the pupil located.
The correlation analysis showed that H1,H5,and H9 subtypes of AIV and NDV antibody titers and Se content of the correlation coefficients were 0. 077,0.714,0.690,and 0. 611,respectively.
The results showed the yield of early rice was significantly higher in the treatment of rice straw incorporation in winter than that in spring when nitrogen fertilizer was not applied.Meanwhile as the nitrogen fertilizer was applied,the yield of former treatment increased by 12. 3% in 2009 and 23. 8% in 2011,respectively,compared to the latter treatment.
The results showed that measles positive cases gathered in the age group of - years ( %).
The contents of seven metallic elements including Cu,Fe,Zn,Ni,Pb,Cd and Cr in the leaves of Hibiscus mutabilis L. were determined by atomic absorption spectrometry.At the same time,the contents of seven metallic elements of leaves of Hibiscus mutabilis L. were determined from different areas.
The reason for this is that the antigenic proteins of both twins are determined by identical genes derived originally from the single fertilized ovum
Study on the catalyst for the synthesis of isobornyl acetate
Interleukin-4(IL-4) and IL-13 enhance ADAM33 gene expression in human lung fibroblasts
Of them 130(81 8%)were followed up for 6 months to 3 years. The clinical symptom score was 17 4±8 0 before operation,it dropped to 3 7±3 3 after operation before discharge.
It can be used to analyze body reaction before and after medication, and correlations between drug blood concentration and EEG changes
in WO 99/07755 and EP 1010706, a high temperature proces to make macromonomers is describe utilizing very high levels of styrenic and acrylic monomers, and doe not describe a process for achieving enriched minimum functionality of crosslinkable side groups in that product
and (2) separating said multiphase reaction product fluid to obtain one phase comprising said one or more reactants, metal-organophosphorus ligand complex catalyst, optionally free organophosphorus ligand and nonpolar solvent and at least one other phase comprising said one or more products and polar solvent;
Inhibitory effect of mustard seeds on type 1 hypersensitivity
The amount of ~3H-TdR incorporation into DИA of FRTL5 cells was expressed as CPM/μgDИA
Risk alleles in CFH and ARMS2 are independently associated with systemic complement activation in age-related macular degeneration.
the reaction mixture be then partition between wat and ethyl acetate
All the patients underwent 4 tinnitus evaluation tests: pitch matching, intensity matching, residual inhibition, and tinnitus masking
Clinical research of in-situ phacoemulsifieation for cataract complicated to occlusion or seclusion of pupil
1. A method for producing N-acetyl-D-glucosamine by fermentation comprising: culturing a non-genetically-recombinant strain of a fungus having an ability to produce N-acetyl-D-glucosamine in a medium supplemented with a carbon source other than chitin and chitin oligosaccharide and a nitrogen source to produce and accumulate N-acetyl-D-glucosamine in the medium;
The Analysis on Relationship Between Zinc Content in Hair and Growth of Children
Conclusions:The coagulation function,liver function and renal function should be closely monitored,and suitable anticoagulation ways should be choose in treatment of CBP in patients with MODS combined with bleeding complication.
Conclusion Xue Bi Jing injection treat community acquired pneumonia was effective and safety,which combination with antibiotics could improve efficacy,so it was worth further promoting in clinical application.
Objective To investigate the effect of a bout of strenuous swimming on mitochondrial NOS/NO, COX activities, mRNA expression of COXⅣ subunit and HIF-1α subunit in myocardium of rats
Preconditioning effect on cerebral vasospasm in patients with aneurysmal subarachnoid hemorrhage
Although our results appear to suggest a correlation between p63 expression and the tumor grade, statistical analysis show
Cardiovascular Activity of Tentacle-only Extract from Jellyfish Cyanea Capillata
Abnormal Expression and RT-PCR Analysis of γ-Glutamyl Transpeptidase Genes in the Tissues of Human Hepatocelullar Carcinoma
such as those associate with benign and malignant tumor cells.
Reversed Effect of RU 486 on chicken's Lymphocytic Immunosuppressioninduced by
as well as methods for using such compounds to treat, ameliorate or prevent a condition associated with abnormal or deregulated kinase activity.
Preparation of Medium for Measuring Viscosity (Selecting Brittle Type Strains)
SETTING and PARTICIPANTS:A total of 79 infants(39 females and 40 males,mean age was 39.3 weeks old,mean mass was 3 516 g) were recruited from Xinmi Maternal and Child Health Hospital of Henan from May 1999 to December 2000.The samples of plasma were measured in the Beijing Medical University and Capital Institute of Pediatrics to detect the content of vitamin K in plasma and the level of protein induced by vitamin K absence,respectively.
For example, any state when a substance is in the liquid phase is acceptable, including not only liquid bodies of high or low viscosity, sols, gel water, or other fluid bodies such as inorganic solvents, organic solvents, solutions, liquid resins, and liquid metals (molten metals), and liquids containing a single state of a substance, but including also materials in which particles of functional materials composed of solids such as pigments, metal powders, or the like are dissolved, dispersed, or admixed into a medium
(4) AMD group: dogs were subjected to the same I/R as MSLgroup, received AMD(l0Omg/kg).
Replicating vectors can potentially express an exogenous gene in a new host.
the polyfunctional acrylate monomer having an isocyanurate ring may be tris ( hydroxyalkyl ) isocyanurate triacrylate monomer.
a biological diagnosis is made by performing tests on animals with a sample of one of the patient's body fluids.
and wherein culturing the second-pass cells under hypoxic conditions comprises culturing the second- pass cells under hypoxic conditions during a last two days of the culturing time period .
Effect of Corn Bract on the Rate of Apoptosis and Prolifiration Index of Smooth Muscle Cells in Atherosclerotic Rabbits
the ionic interaction between these molecules allows the required binding to occur within the detection / calibration zone 31.
Studies on Utilization of Worldwide Known Genes for Leaf Rust Resistance of Wheat in China
synthesis of derivatization reagent 2- ( -4-Bromomethyl ) -Naphthoimidazole and its application in that determination of Carboxylic acid by HPLC
oxygenation and pH value and glucose regulation on a culture medium;
Conclusions Co-expression of P 53 and Ki-67 is closely related to lymphatic metastasis and may be used as a marker of prognosis.
The enzymatic hydrolysis of chicken was optimized by one-factor-a-time method and orthogonal array design. The degree of hydrolysis(DH) of chicken and sensory quality of chicken flavoring were investigated with respect to hydrolysis parameters
this application of cadaveric hepatic progenitors is useful in the prevention and therapy of liver malfunction and injury including but not limited to viral hepatitis , fatty liver ,
the present invention relates to the use of a copolymer, in which at least one of the monomers has a surface-active structure, as a dispersing agent or crushing aid for mineral substances in aqueous suspension, regardless of the nature of the mineral substance.
Results The single stone clearance rate of PL group and ESWL group was 93. 2%, 56. 1%, respectively(P<0.05).The stone free rate of PL group and ESWL group in 4 weeks was 97. 0%, 67. 8%, respectively(P<0.05).
Model of Evolutionary Operation for Glutamic Acid Fermentation
Angiogenic Proteins
The detection limits of Orn, Pro and Gln were 6.78, 8.71 and 7.86 mg/L, respcetively. The proposed method was successfully applied to the determination of amino acids in foods (Haitian soybean sauce, Tsingtao beer and amino acids tonic) and the recove
CONCLUSION: CCK-8 protects brain tissues against the injury induced by LPS, which may be associated with its effects of suppressing the overproduction of NO and free radicals.
EXPERIMENTAL STUDY ON TREATMENT OF NONUNION BY EXTRACORPOREAL SHOCK WAVES
The treatment of old thoracolumbar spinal fracture with anterior decompression and titanium rete supporting bone autograft and Z-Plate fixation system
Results 7 cases for more than 24 hours removing the tes necrosis testis,2 cases for 1 hour retening the testis.
METHODS: We have employed a series of toxicological and pharmacodynamical tests to determine its LD50 and learn the actions of different prescriptions of Yumasha-fen's gradients.
Any analyte in the sample in the shortest channel (15) binds with the gold labelled antibody (18) and then travels along the channel to encounter the immobilised antigen (20) at the detection site (21).
Patients with RI had higher serum ACE levels compared with controls (P< 0.001
The concentrations of propofol were measured with HPLC with fluorescence detection.
the present invention likewise provides a method of treating a human or other animal by administering a nutritional or dietary supplement composition comprising an effective amount of one or more forms of iron
The DNA is represented by a double helix, the lesions by black circles, the lesion recognition proteins by white ovals, and the antibodies coupled to an enzyme carry a white rectangle.
The Study of Cerebral Hemodynamics in Children with Cerebral Palsy
the raisin tree see ethanol extractive or water extractive both has significant anti-fatigue function, which can remarkably prolong that weight load swimming time of the mice, improve the glycogen reserve of the mice, stabilize the internal urea level of the mice before and after the exercise, and improve the ability of hypoxia tolerance of the mice
it is that objective and purpose of the present invention to provide a monoclonal antibody have the property of causing apoptosis on myeloid cell.
Results There significant differences between SAAG of malignancy-related ascites and non-malignant ascites were observed (P< 0.05
which has an inhibitory activity against cholesteryl ester transfer protein,
Nonnatural D-amino Acid Bioconversion by Engineered Strains
lane 3 is direct to a sample immunoprecipitated with control mouse IgG.
Objective:To investigate the drug therapy plan of placenta implantation abnormality(PIA).
Mass serological survey for nasopharyngeal carcinoma in the part of workers and officers in Wuzho city
still further, in this invention that microorganism may be culture in a medium to which there has been added an activity induc having the general formula ( III): ( wherein R4 represents lower alkyl; R5 and R6 may be the same or different and each represent a hydrogen atom, lower alkyl or acyl; and Y represents C. dbd. O or CH-OH
The intensity of spectral bands around 1545cm~(-1) (Bronsted acid) and 1454cm~(-1) (Lewis acid) and their changes with diff erent temperatures of pyridine desorption were examined for characterizing the quantity and strength of surface acidic sites of the zeolites.
The inhibition behavior of 4-Aminoantipyrine on carbon steel in HCl solution was studied by weight loss testing,potentiodynamic polarization curvers and electrochemical impedance spectroscopy.
Repair processes incorporating ultraviolet (UV) radiation and silylation compounds remove the water from the pores and further remove the hydrophilic compounds from the low k film structure.
Induction of Podophyllotoxin Derivatives Lg-2 for Apoptosis in Human Hepatoma Cell Line HepG-2
the researchers took a two - step approach: First they injected uniparental ES cells into wild - type blastocyts to generate chimeric animals; then they harested these chimeric fetal liers for transplant into lethally irradiated hosts.
Results All patients were discharged without any serious complications.
The study on sex control in T. mossambica has been carried out since 1976. The preliminary results of our study are briefly described as follows.1. The fish treated with male hormone (MT30) for 82 days at its larva stage developed into 97.0% males. On the other hand, the fish treated with female hormone (BEso) for 228 days developed into 94.9% females, with the result that the two sex hormones can exercise control over physiological sexuality of the fish in both directions.2. On the basis of the above exper
Results: The prognosis of SCC and BCC is relevant to tumor types, locations, sizes, depths involved and metastases
Furthermore, extracted organic residues from machined polymer devices were identified by gas chromatography mass spectrometry (GC-MS).
include that reaction product of ( a ) the reaction product of a hydroxy functional compound and a polyisocyanate, that contains isocyanate group;
PFN for treating elderly trochanteric region fractures near femur
In 2004 at clinical basis of Pharmacological center of MH of Ukraine ? cathedra of nervous disorders and neuro-surgery of faculty of post-graduate education of Dniporopetrovsk medical academy under guidance of Professor L.A.Dziak open investigation is carried out on investigation of tolerance and preliminary evaluation of effectiveness of new medicinal preparation “Thiocetam”, solution for injections, 5 ml in ampoule (Report is submitted to Pharmacological center of MH of Ukraine.? K.2004).Data on peculiarities of application of thiocetam in clinics of nervous disorders are to be given in section 3.2.
They also have different qualities. It is the crux of the matter, learn and grasp its physical and chemical properties, dough properties, the activity of enzyme, experiments on baking and so on.
The combination of 6-BA and auxin could remarkably enhance the callus inducement
invention also relates to the polypeptide coded by said nucleotide sequence, the application of these polynucleotide and polypeptide, and the production method of them.
Logistic regression analysis of influence factors in psoriasis patients with metabolic syndrome
In order to increase the refractive index contrast of the electrolyte, inverted opal is prepared by utilizing a synthetic opal as a template. Finally, we discuss applications of photonic crystals
Method To establish the characterization method and assay method of(-)-gossypol and(-)-gossypol acetic acid,the stability was investigated on the base of correlated evaluation index.
Initial determination of function for Pib gene ORF region by rice transformation
Results:The deletions of exons 17, 19 and 45, as well as deletions of allelic fragments at the loci of STR44, STR45 were determined in the patients, hemizygosity at those two loci were detected and carrier status ascertained in the mother of the patients. The normal haplotypes were typed in the sister of the patients.
Conclusion:It was positive to combine antibiotics and Shaofu Zhuyu Decoction to treatment chronic pelvic inflammatory disease,with more efficient rate and cure rate,which can be considered as a clinical treatment program.
1. Ethological test of Acorus tatarinowii Schott's improving learning and memory :Mices were divided into six drug groups(fraction extracted from Acorus tatarinowii Schott A, B, C, D, E, F), positive drug control group(piracetam group), model group, intact control group(saline group).
Mycelial conjugation between the donor strain carrying the recombinant cosmid 1E3 and a recipient S. spinosa strain, NRRL 18538, was carried out according to the method described by Matsushima et al. (1994).
so as to form bacterial colony, nevertheless that microorganism which can't utilize ferulate can't grow
The Study on the Effect of ESR and FSH βGene to Litter Size in Swine
After sequence confirmation of SFCMM-3 HSV-tk mutants (FIG. 1), one plasmid clone of each type was used to transiently transfect E86 cells.
The analog 165 of APP 5-mer peptide had higher ability to resist pepsin digestion than APP 5-mer peptide obviously.
Resistance investigation of derepressed AmpC enzyme and extended-spectrum β-lactamases in gram-negative bacteria
Superficial Bleeding
Under the optimum conditions,the enrichment factor of gold is 12,and a good linearity was observed for gold in the range of 0~0.5 μg/mL with the detection limit of 8. 6 ng/mL and the relative standard deviations of 2. 3%~3.6%(n=6).The recoveries were in the range of 97%~102%.
The evaluation of the effect of heparin on liver fibrosis
Studies on the Photocycloaddition of α, α-bis (Cinnamyl) Ketenedithioacetal;
The victory result display patterns of FIG. 6C are part patterns constituting each of faces present when battle was won and a background pattern fitted into the background of the face montage present at that time.
An Isolation and Sequence Analysis of the cDNA Encoding Schistosoma japonicum Beta-tubulin
Adulteration detection of cocoa powder by clustering analysis of lipid
The score was detected before and after treantments according to the MMSE,ADL and NDS.Results:The MMSE score increased obviously and the ADL and NDS score decreased in treatment group after teatments.
Results The values in SPECT radioactive count ratio and scores of neuropsychological tests were lower in the AD patients than that in normal subjects. Difference in SPECT values between AD patients and controls varied with gender
OBJECTIVE To study the relationship between retrolabyrinthine space and the distance from sigmoid sinus to posterior wall of external acoustic canal for providing related information on cerebellopontine angel and internal acoustic surgery aided by endoscope via retrolabyrinthine approach.
Methods The retrospectively analysis reviewed the clinic-pathologic characteristics,therapy and prognosis of 7 patients with Behcet’ s disease,who were presented mass in cardiac cavity.
Overexpression of miR-34a increases blood-tumor barrier permeability
The Expression and Significance of ER、PR and HMGA in Uterine Leiomyomas
The results show that compared with the group received irradiation only,SOD pretreatment has signifi-cant effect on white blood cells counts meanwhile thymus index is significantly elevated by 19. 1%.
There was a negative relation-ship between the expression of interleukin-12 and eosino-phil in nasal mucosa (R =0.9252).
Isosorbide dinitrate group of 60 patients were treated with isosorbide dinitrate 10 mg, po, tid for 4 wk
The study provided a new choice for the development of new thrombolytic agents.
Optimum concentration of impregnation solution and impregnation time 0.5-l. 0mol/1 and 2-8 h. respectively.
Analysis of bad habits and oral health of 108 patients with Recurrent Aphthous Ulcer
Effects of Mechanical Stretch on Collagen Type Ⅰ and Total Protein Synthesis of Human Periodontal Ligament Fibroblasts
hydrophilic or potentially hydrophilic group may also be introduced into that polymer by the use of chain transfer agent such as 3-mercaptopropanoic acid, PEG thiols and like and mixtures thereof
such that all that particle are not identical in size.
Conclusion: LEEP is a kind of safe and effective method for treatment of CIN with few complications, in addition, it can make the diagnosis of a higher level to make up for the lack of colposcopic biopsy diagnosis.But the postoperative follow-up is very important.
Cellular microenvironment and epithelial carcinogenesis
Side scattered light, side fluorescence and forward scattered light are generated by applying light to the blood cells.
Chlorophyll Binding Proteins \ A large family of proteins that have been traditionally classified as the light-harvesting proteins of the photosynthetic reaction complex.
Nosocomial Infection Surveillance and Control in Beijing Children′s Hospital
the enrichment e5 (for ENU), the enrichments e4, e5, and e6 (for ERU); and
Result indicate 1- -5-methyl, -2- pyridone produce cells said product has effects of inhibiting to various ECM, and its effects are stronger than Pirfenidone.
Effect of Supplemental Manganese on Carcass Traits, Meat Quality, and Relative Enzyme Activities in Broilers
Medicament for treating herpes zoster and preparation method thereof
the subject matt of that invention is a method and a pharmaceutical composition in the form of an aqueous-alcoholic solution in which at least one hypoglycaemic/insulinotropic active ingredient is stably and completely dissolved, at a dosage that is reduce by 30% to 50% compared with the usual oral unit dosage, for trans-buccal mucosa application in the short-term treatment of postprandial hypoglycaemia in type II diabetes in humans or animals
The incidence of ADEs and medications implicated vary by age, indicating that age-specific approaches for monitoring and preventing ADEs may be most effective
benign bone tumor
Method for producing cellulosic ethanol by using 1308 Saccharomyces cerevisiae
This in the name of another film, and music therapy: use music to reduce or eliminate the pain of patients
First,do the privacy separation processing of tumor patients’ pictures,then use the Criminisi image inpainting algorithm repair the image that has removed privacy in order to conceal the true condition of the patient,which can effectively protect the privacy of patient.
i. e., molecule that contain an antigen binding site that immunospecifically bind to an analyte to be detected.
the science of collect, organizing, present, analyzing, and interpreting numerical data for that purpose of assisting in make a more effective decision
Methods Sciatic nerve injury model was set up in rats which were divided into two groups, one treated with EA and the other without.
Quercetin Suppresses the Oxidative Stress in Vascular Smooth Muscle Cells
in a third aspect, that invention provide a process for the preparation of the protease, which proces comprises cultivation of a protease producing strain of a novel Bacillus sp. in a suitable nutrient medium, containing carbon and nitrogen source and inorganic salts, followed by recovery of the desired enzyme.
The invention relates to a technology for purifying DL-p-hydroxyphenylglycine, which belongs to the field of the production of pharmaceutical and chemical intermediates.
include preparing a monome solution by dissolving a polyester-based monomer in an organic solvent and adding a vinyl-based monome thereto, preparing an aqueous macromonomer solution by dissolving a macromonomer in water, preparing a solution in which monomers and macromonomer are emulsified by mixing that monomer solution and the aqueous macromonomer solution
The invention provides composite colostrum, which contains the following formula components in part by weight: 50 to 80 parts of colostrum powder, 0.5 to 10 parts of fructooligosaccharide and/or galactooligosacchride, and 0.5 to 10 parts of algae DHA or/and taurine and arachidonic acid compound.
Textural and Structure Characterizations of Ce_(1-x)Mn_xO_2 Prepared by Citric Acid Sol-Gel Method
Compared with the prior art, the strawberry vein banding virus antibody can specifically identify the strawberry vein banding virus; and the test paper strip and the ELISA detection kit are simple to manufacture and high in specificity and sensitivity.
The effects of directional breed with three-nursery system on the ratio of lodging and entirely lodging of Jizhanggu 5 were studied.The result showed that the ratio of lodging and entirely lodging in 2010 decreased by 16.76,3.56 percentage point than that in 2007,and the yield in 2010 increased by 17.3% than that in 2007.
The successful rate of interventional therapy was 54.1%(20/37), with recurrence rate of 40%(8/20), perioperative mortality rate of 5.4%(2/37) and total mortality rate of 16.2%(6/37
(k) loading the Protein A from the Protein A solution pool onto a second column;
Compound medicine for treating post-infectious cough and preparation method and application thereof
Evaluation of ART and conventional restorative procedures in a clinic after 30 months
Stress distribution and displacement by different distract directions on mandibu lar corpus
the -c ( = o ) r moieties are independently selected from the group consisting of capryloyl ( octanoyl ), caprinoyl ( decanoyl ), lauroyl ( dodecanoyl ) and myristoyl ( tetradecanoyl ).
The result shows that the Uracil and ITS can promote the multiplication of the granule cells, and improve the maturation rate, cleavage rate, and 8-16 cell rate
it is conclude that that drug use of the in-patients with hepatitis in our hospital was reasonable.
Conclusion: Internal fixation is safe and effective to treat spinal tuberculosis.The way to choose the internal fixation is based on the patients specific condition, such as the diseased region, kyphotic deformity, basic body constitution and so on.
There is no difference in the lipid concentration between in plasma and in serum.
Blood pressure variability and subclinical target organ damage
Ojbective:To observe the clinical curative effect in treatment of cervical spondylotic radiculopathy by comprehensive therapy mainly with Long Shi manipulation.
[Conclusion] The expression vector constructed with pEGFP-C1-cMx could express in 293T cell,which had the chicken Mx protein with the activity of anti-Newcastle disease virus.
The mean particle size of nano magnetic LIS was about 40 nm,specific magnetism was 27. 581 emu·g-1,and coercive intensity was 138. 64 G. Compared with ordinary LIS,nano LIS film had obvious advantages in solid phase diffusion,and promised unique capacity in lithium uptake from seawater.
All patients received previous treatments, including two cases who had undergone an incomplete surgical resection of the recurrent legions, one who had received radiation therapy, and four who had received chemotherapy >4 weeks before enrollment into this study
Expression of fusion protein in Escherichia coli Rosetta was detected after induction by IPTG.
Comparison of cognitive state in schizophrenic patients between with and without tardive dyskinesia.
Three factors, including different sex, age and geography, were also analyzed with the genotypes of (ALDH2) in Chinese populations.
Fetal Echocardiography in Prenatal Screening for Congenital Heart Defect in High-Risk Pregnant Women
Data Evaluation Criteria for Efficacy Primary endpoints The primary endpoints will be the complete virological response rate defined as the percentage of the patients with negative HCV DNA (as determined by the Chiron Quantiplex HCV DNA (cDNA) assay) and HCeAg at the end of the 6-month treatment period and at the end of the 12-month follow-up period. Secondary endpoints 1.
Piriformis syndrome is a common cause of low back pain
The invention discloses a method for inducing and acclimating epidermal stem cells into functional cells, comprising the following steps
In order to improve the stability further or to reduce the odor of a carboxylic acid, it is also preferable to treat the cellulose acylate washed by hot water with an aqueous solution of a weak alkali (e.g. a carbonate, a hydrogencarbonate, a hydroxide and an oxide of sodium, potassium, calcium, magnesium or aluminum).
it is the loss of insulin - producing islet cells in the pancreas that causes type 1 or juvenile diabetes.
The effect of tubular epithelial cells activated by aldosterone on renal interstitial fibroblasts in co-culture system
the stent is typically deliver to a specific location inside that vascular system in a compressed state by a catheter
in fact that strain CNCM I-2980 could not be infect by the phages teste.
positioned opposite a treatment radiation source 212 to provide imaging of the patient using the treatment beam,
Reduction (р<0.05) as compared with CG was detected for the 6th (θ/ δ) -IC to 43.9-55.2%, 15th (α/β2) -at 60.3 -63.6%.The values of IC in this subgroup were characterized by a high level of disorganization of EEG pattern due to activation of slow-wave pathological rhythms mainly delta-and to a lesser extent, theta-band during inhibition of alpha activity.
through tests, the optimal fermentation process conditions of a strain are as follows:
Typing 203 Cases of Diabetes B by Means of TCM Differentiation of Syndromes
Probing CYP2C19 and CYP3A4 activities in Chinese liver microsomes by quantification of 5-hydroxyomeprazole and omeprazole sulphone~1
A Chinese medicinal composition, RUPIXIAO Ointment, can be used for the treatment of chronic mammary gland hyperplasia and fiber mastadenoma.
Methods Intensive health education was applied to 106 cases with diabetes,including momentarily education in hospital and telephone follow-up,home visiting,questionnaire survey and regular reexamination after discharge,to investigate the treatment compliance and controlling situation of blood glucose and lipid of the patients.
The method of the invention comprises the following steps: (1) carrying out a sulfuration reaction of alkylphenol, oxides of alkaline earth metal and a sulfurizing reagent; (2) mixing and stirring the reaction product of step (1) with active carbon, and an aqueous solution of low molecular alcohol, separating and recovering an oil-phase product; (3) adding a dispersing aid and oxides of alkaline earth metal into the oil-phase product of step (2), introducing carbon dioxide, carrying out a carbonation reaction, and collecting the product.
Clinical study of cardiac involvement in patients with rheumatoid arthritis
In each group, gastric infusion was performed continuously in 3 months after modeling, once per day, 10 mL/kg.
in yet another subclass, Ar2 is phenyl, either unsubstitute or substituted with one or two halogen substituent
human pituitary adenoma
In some pathological conditions , marked by exacerbated recruitment of neutrophils , a more severe tissue damage at the site is associated with the infiltration of neutrophilic cells .
Dr. Josephine Hayden found herself a victim of her own tragedy, her DNA mutated, leaving her a monster beyond recognition.
Method It was estimated for Hamilton Depressive Rating Scale(HAMD) and the parameters of sleep EEG in 18 patients with depression (involved in 8 patients with severely sexual symptoms and 10 patients with mildly or no sexual symptoms) and 10 normal controls.
Luminescent Properties and Selectivity IR Adsorption of Eu-doped Hydrotalcite-like Compounds
CLINICAL APPLICATION OF CELFIX MEMBRANE
Conclusion: The Traditional Chinese Medicine-- Shengjingsanprescription can reduce sperm DFI of the infertile patients and improve the sperm quality, and also increase the clinical pregnancy rate and embryo implantation rate in IVF-ET cycles.
a process for the production of compounds of formula (I) wherein X is fluoro, chloro, bromo or iodo and n is 1, 2, 3 or 4, which process comprises reacting a compound of formula (II) wherein the substituents are as defined for formula (I), with inorganic nitrite in an acidic aqueous medium in the presence of bromide and a copper catalyst and wherein the process is carried out as a one-pot reaction.
The Countermeasures Research for Enforcing Pharmacovigilance of Traditional Chinese Medicine Injection
A further aspect of the invention relates to the need of temporarily replacing a nail for one of several different reasons, such as recidivation or dislocation of the implant, normally followed by surgical site infections.
And the influence of 18 factors such as sex, age etc on pharmacokinetics parameter and serum concentration was investigated through stepwise regression.
The gene is a key gene in a plant flavonoid synthesized path and is led into the mulberry by adopting a gene engineering method, so that overexpression is realized and the content of the flavonoid in each tissue of the mulberry can be improved.
67402 A Chinese medicinal composition for protecting gastric mucosa containing Fructus Hippophae, Rhizoma Atractylodis, and Pericarpium Citri Reticulatae
the above conventional approach to treating condition characterized by excessive IL-1 and TNFa production have been limited to administering exogenous purify or recombinant IL-10 intravenously.
Study on the changes of T-lymphocyte subsets in the patients with endometriosis
The Effects on Transportion Function of Microvascular Endothelium Cell and the Perfusion in Hippocampus CA1 Area of Middle Cerebral Artery Occlusion(MCAO) Rats Treated with Acupuncture on Neiguan
BALB/c mice were vaccinated intramuscularly with DNA vaccine vectors pCI-GP5 and(pcDNA)-U-GP5 which contain porcine reproductive and respiratory syndrome virus(PRRSV) GP5 gene with or without porcine ubiquitin gene.
A poor choice of antibiotic prophylaxis agent occurred in 8%of patients and was associated with a 3-fold increase in mortality(P >0.01).
Significant efforts are being made to understand the role of the 5-HT6 receptor in psychiatry, cognitive dysfunction, motor function and control, memory, mood and the like.
Left Ventricular Reconstruction in a Rat Model with Post-infarction Ventricular Aneurysm
examples 1-8: preparation of pressure sensitive adhesive using the base polymers described above, a series of pressure sensitive adhesive compositions are prepared by compounding the base polymer and neutralizing it with a hydroxy functional amine or blend thereof.
The genotype frequency of HSP70 2 B/B in acute mountain sickness group(23.2%) was significantly higher than that in the control(6.9%, P acute mountain sickness.
Early dynamic changes of free radical and superoxide dismutas after spinal cord ischemia reperfusion
Since the procedure involves surgery, it may be coupled with breast augmentation and with resizing or repositioning of the areola to a more aesthetically pleasing position and the shape of the mound may be improved by placement of breast implants.
Hand -assisted laparoscopic megalosplenic resection and portozygos disconnection:Experience in 2 patients
Application of High - volume Hemoflitration in the Treatment of Sepsis with MODS
Clinical study of human recombinant interferon-γ for the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis
An evaluation on the safety of eyeball or corneal tissue of 117 volunteer donors
a predisposition to atherosclerosis , symptoms of atherosclerosis , or by the presence of risk factors such as ,
Clinical Study on Naomaitai Capsule for Treatment of 50 Cases with Sequelae of Apoplexy
it is significant difference between that canc tissue of colorectal cancer and non-cancerous tissue when examine by LIF. therefore LIF is an ideal nontraumatic examination in diagnosing
Clinical observation on two methods of combined intravenous anesthesia in painless bronchoscopy
Ⅳ exhibited obvious inhibition of DNA and RNA syntheses in S 180 tumor cells in preliminary pharmacological studies.
Producing Feed Protein with Xylose Residue Fermented in a Solid State by Mixed Cultures
A Smad3 Gene Polymorphism in Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease in Han Population of Southwest China
Objective To study myocardial enzymes and electrocardiogram(ECG) changes of patients with electrically injuryinduced heart damage.
After the hybridoma clone producing the antibody is grown in medium, the cells are recovered and then, inoculated intraperitoneally into a mouse stimulated with the pristane before use.
The American Association of Endocrine Surgeons (AAES) is dedicated to the advancement of the science and art of endocrine surgery.
comprise a kind of narrowing of the small airways due to smooth muscle hypertrophy and a kind of inflammatory process as well.
Evaluation of Intrarenal Arteria Flow in Cardiorenal Syndrome Patient by Color Doppler Ultrasonography;
The above-mentioned lipase or protease may be used after subjecting a commercially available product in a natural form or an immobilized enzyme to chemical treatment or physical treatment.
[Results] : H_2O_2 can elevate the level of MDA, the releasing rate of LDH and the nuclear translative rate of NF-kB, all of them are difference between injury group and control group(P<0.05);
Sexually mature Brachymystax lenok tsinlingensis were caught from the wild and,after artificial fertili-zation,embryonic and larval development were investigated.
Operative Treatment Strategies for Unstable Femoral Trochanteric Fractures in the Elderly
The general gemological study methods and IR absorption spectrum techniques were used to study flux-grown synthetic emerald,emeralds from Colombia and Brazil,and hydrothermal synthetic emerald.
however, these technology are hampered by that use of a transvenous lead for electrophysiologic stimulation
We get there composition: LBP- Ⅰ、 LBP- Ⅱ and LBP- Ⅲ. And the yield rating of LBP-Ⅰ is the best high. The analsis of LBP- Ⅰcomposition show the sugar como-nent is Rha、 Gal、Xyl、Ara、Fuc、 G、 Rib.
Central retinal vein occlusion with further reduction of retinal blood flow one year after radial optic neurotomy
55245 Method for preparing a Chinese medicinal composition, HUOGAN Tablet, for the treatment of hepatitis comprises decocting Fructus Crataegi, Herba Artemisiae Scopariae, and Rhizoma Polygonati Odorati with water for 1.5-2.5 hrs, decocting residues with water for 1.0-2 hrs, mixing, filtering, concentrating, adding powder of Radix Isatidis and making into tablet.
as shown in fig. 5, in the case where a mixture of lactobacillus having nucleocapsid antigen protein n antigen expressed on surface and the poly-gamma- glutamic acid was fed, it could be seen that the igg antibody titer of serum was high compare to that of the case where nucleocapsid antigen protein n antigen alone was fed.
study on Properties and intrinsic kinetic of mixed and hybrid catalyst for direct dimethyl Ether synthesis from synthesis gas containing N_2
Fetuses with 2 degrees AVB or isolated 3 degrees AVB commonly exhibited complex, changing heart rate and rhythm patterns; all 19 delivered fetuses are alive and healthy
Inherited disorders of the peripheral nervous system associated with the deposition of AMYLOID in nerve tissue.
RESULTS: 10 -12-10 -7mol/L salusin-α and salusin-β had no effects on isolated rat cardiac function
Results The primary measurement results showed that there were no significant difference in BMD and bone mineral content (BMC) and height between milk drinking and control group(P >0.05
Role of brain-derived neurotrophic factor in hypoxia-induced fetal cortical neurons
Bullous pemphigoid linked to cerebrovascular disease , dement.
include a carbonizer for carbonize cellulose triacetate as cellulose acylate to create carbonized material.
DNA Assay of transfusion transmitted virus DNA in the tissue of the frequent liver diseases with in situ hybridization of double-chain probe
The Relationship Between Moisture Content of Ginkgo Biloba Seeds and Activity of Reactive-Oxygen-Scavenging Enzymes
HBV markers in severe hepatitis B
Results The joint detection,diabetic microangiopathy lesions in patients with HbAlc and hs-CRP values were significantly higher than that of patients with diabetes mellitus( P < 0. 01).
Less effective strains of rhizobia among populations in soils where invasive rhizobia are present for the crop may, to some extent, be displaced by inoculant strains.
Monitoring radiofrequency ablation by ultrasound temperature imaging and elastography under different power intensities
with daily administration of 80 mg azithromycin , all nodules initially present in three of four subjects at the start of therapy cleared .
Bone Marrow Mesenchymal Stem Cell and Hematopoiesis
Embodiments of the methods and systems generally disclosed herein can be applied to determining the position of any object within an organ in a patient's body such as the patient's heart, lungs, brain, or liver.
the tissues are held encircled by the closed loop 838 formed by the fixation device 830,
Immunohistochemical analysis of liver necropsy and cytology of the left plural effusion stained positive for factor VIII-related antigen and CD31
CD107a (a and b) and IL-2 (c and d) expression was measured 72 hours post infection in CD4+ (a and c) and CD8+ (b and d) T cells as indicated
Plant physiological response to salt and transgenic research was discussed in osmoregulation such as proline, trehalose, betaine, inositol
To date some 1 800 patients in Hong Kong are waiting for organ transplantation of various kinds
such improvement was never observed during placebo treatment .
pregnancy thermometer
the sweet substance are selected from any one of sucrose, syrup and aspartame
60 cases of cancer treated with radiation were divided into two groups randomly, the group combined with Polyerga and without.
enzyme breakers will be selected on the basis of their known ability to hydrolyse the viscosifying polymer.
includes the container used for keeping the molecule screened material of the microgranule form among them.The pad for controlling hemorrhage, this pad
The designed deletion was completed by means of the U-containing system and phage M13 system, with efficiency of 6% and 1% respectively.
Methods Two thousand two hundred and forty eight cases of tonsillectomy and/or the adenoidectomy were retrospectively studied.The type, number, causes and processing methods of postoperative complications were analyzed.
Two groups were treated with conventional medication,but the hyperbaric oxygen therapy group was combined with hyperbaric oxygen treatment.The treatment effects were compared between the two groups.
The results showed that the sensitivity and specificity of the immunochromatographic test strip were 97. 5% and 95. 8%,respectively,indicating that the test strip could be a powerful diagnostic tool for the early detection of RA with advantages of simplicity and high speed manipulation,and can be used in point-of-care testing(POCT).
INVESTIGATIONS OF THE STABILITY OF AQUEOUS AND NON-AQUEOUS LAMELLAR LIQUID CRYSTAL
The contents of NO and cyclic guranoise in the plasma of patients with chronic renal failure by haemodialysis
An ultraviolet curable coating composition for cationic electrodeposition applicable to metal plated materials which composition comprises 100 weight parts of acrylic resin containing 10 to 70% by weight poly-functional acrylate per se having 3 or more acryloyl groups and 90 to 30% by weight of a resin of molecular weight 2,000-30,000 having a cationic electrodeposition property, and 0.1-10 weight parts of 2 or more species of photopolymerization initiators which absorb ultraviolet radiation in a wavelength range of 300-400 nm, as effective ingredients.
the invention relates to a traditional Chinese medicine for curing hepatitis, in particular to a traditional Chinese medicine for curing acute and chronic hepatitis, belonging to the Chinese herbal medicine oral administration product field.
Experimental studies on responses of cultured human thyroid cells to TSH
The analog signal sampled from pressure sen- sor is amplified by OPA2335 and then converted into digital signal by ADS7818.The status of transfusion is moni- tored by using MSP430,which will generate and send alarm signal via wireless transmission system.The alarm signal is received by the paired receiving part,and is decoded to show the room and bed number of the patient with trans- fusion anomalies.
Vaccination according to the present invention may comprise administering an immunogenic compound to an individual for the purpose of stimulating an immune response directed against said immunogenic compound and thus immunizing said individual against said immunogenic compound .
Influence of Water Stress on Polyamines and Proline Content in Apple New Roots
The invention discloses a hemoglobin determining method for donate blood, including plastic shell and paper
The invention discloses composite bacteria for treating food waste percolate and a preparation method thereof, and the preparation method comprises the following steps: respectively performing high-density culture on strains of trichoderma viride, bacillus subtilis, bread mold, photosynthetic bacteria, saccharomyces cerevisiae, bacillus licheniformis, nitrosomonas europaea and nitrobacterwinogradskyi, performing dehydration and drying on various types of monoxenie obtained by high-density culture to prepare hypopus microbial dry powder, and then mixing according to the weight ratio of 5-15 parts of the trichoderma viride, 10-15 parts of the bacillus subtilis, 20-30 parts of the bread mold, 10-15 parts of the photosynthetic bacteria, 7-15 parts of the saccharomyces cerevisiae, 10-15 parts of the bacillus licheniformis, 10-20 parts of the nitrosomonas europaea and the 10-20 parts of the nitrobacterwinogradskyi to prepare the composite bacteria for treating the food waste percolate.
Study on Property and Stability of Recombinant Porcine Carboxypeptidase B in E.coli
into 4 experimental groups and one control group.
endogenous neurogenesis
Our studies shows that Chinese dialect research and language typology research can realize the benign interaction.
Effects of Microwave Radiation on DNA and Ultrastruct of Reproduction-cells in Various Doses
In conclusion,complex NSP enzymes can improve the energy utilization and efficiency of corn and corn by-products.[Chinese Journal of Animal Nutrition,2013,25(4):833-839]
Preparation of Thiolated Chitosan-pcDNA3.1(+)-EGFP Nanoparticles and Study on Its Transfection Activity to HeLa Cells in Vitro
Age Misreporting in China’s Sixth Population Census
Quantitative Study on the Distribution and Excretion of ~3H-Baishouwu Total Glucoside in Mice
Hydrophilicity of the most commonly used nonionic cellulose ethers ranges from hydroxyethyl to hydroxypropyl to hydroxypropylmethyl to methyl, with hydroxyethyl being the most hydrophilic and methyl being the least hydrophilic.
When the threshold is negative,the disease-free periodic solution of the model is globally asymptotic stable,which implies that the disease dies out eventually.When the threshold is positive,the disease-free periodic solution of the model is unstable,and the model still has a unique endemic periodic solution that is globally stable.This implies that the disease persists in the population,and that the number of the infected individuals will change with a certain periodicity.
The C-myc protein expressions of poorly differentiated adenocarcinoma were markedly higher than that in midst to well-differentiated adenocarcinama、two types of precancerous lesions with Hp infection were markedly higher than that without Hp infection(P< 0.05
The present invention provides methods that answer the need for a rapid and accurate method to distinguish a healthy individual who may be colonized by a pathogen, from an individual who suffers from a disease caused by that pathogen.
Study of the Method Relieving Dental Sensitivity of the Vital Pulp Teeth after Crown Preparation
if that lactate concentration 15a is high than a predetermined lactate concentration 13, such as 4-5 mmol/l, more preferably higher than 4.5 mmol/l, as indicate in a comparison step 14 then it may be concluded that the membranes have ruptured and amniotic fluid likely have passed and that the childbirth labor is likely to start after a waiting period 16
Effect of Helicobacter pylori infection on serum nitric oxide and motor function of esophagus
in step C, dimethyl benzyl alcohol is subject to liquid phase oxidation with molecular oxygen, whereby a reaction mixture comprising dimethyl benzoic acid and dimethyl benzaldehyde is obtain.
Conclusions MCE has guiding significance for PTSMA to HOCM, increasing the accuracy of choosing target vessels, improving the therapeutic effect, reducing the damage to myocardium.
Erlotinib-phthalocyanine conjugate as molecule-targeting anticancer photosensitizer
novel algorithm based on DNA computation is proposed, which solves the problem of a category of special integer planning problem by using the method of fluorescence labeling in the surface based approach to DNA computation. By utilizing the techniques of fluorescence distinguishing, the new algorithm can eliminate all of those false solutions through observing the fluorescence on the surface of DNA molecules
alcohols prepared by reacting carboxylic acids and/or carboxylic esters with hydrogen in the presence of a special catalyst.
Keywords Elastase Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease Silybin;
Based on the characteristics of cardiovascular surgery, we summed up our teaching experience in recent years
Effect of Acute Hypoxia Exposure on Visual Related Function in Normal and LASIK Eye
in particular embodiment, both G1 radicals are para-phenylene, although both may be ortho- or meta-phenylene or one ortho- or meta-phenylene and that other para-phenylene
Methods To determine the migration and angiogenesis of HUVECs with"scratch assay" and capillary-like tube formation assay.
Identification of stem cell-Like cells isolated from amniotic membrane of ICR Mouse
High-dose chemotherapy had a good safety profile and no treatment-related death.
The present invention further describes the use of human fetal membranes (e.g., amnion) enhanced with the liposomal gene therapy as a wound coverage material in full-thickness wound repair.
Overexpression of Small Heat-Shock Protein of Endoplasmic Reticulum Enhances Resistance of Tomato to Tunicamycin
A method of controlling the activity or selectivity of a catalyst used for selective catalytic reduction of nitrogen oxides with ammonia, the method comprising
Clinical analysis on 26 cases for DIC in obstetrics
optimum growth temperature
Synthesis of hercynite and properties and applications of magnesia hercynite spinel brick
Signal transduction possibly mediated by RGMa bound to CD4+ T cell and CD11b+ macrophage was investigated.
Study on the Expression of Opticin in the Eye of Diabetic Mice
the PCR product of a mutation type has that molecular weight of 298 bp and 655 bp;
the present invention further relate to a method of coating that alimentary canal and nasal mucosa, in particular to a method of prevent or treating symptoms of upper respiratory tract infections or upper respiratory tract tissue irritation or damage, by administer a safe and effective amount of the above composition
Determination of Isorhamnetin-3-O-neohespeidoside in Wuling Zhitong Capsules by HPLC
Yield and nitrogen utilization of different variaties in winter wheat under water saving and nitrogen saving
Seasonal dynamics of night-time stem water recharge of Schima superba and its relation to tree architecture and leaf biomass
additional ingredients such as fluoride and other active agents such as antitartar agents , flavors and sweeteners similar to that used for the preparation of the first dentifrice component may be included in the preparation of the second dentifrice component at similar concentrations .
Investigation of Cognition of Perioperative Routine Examination in Surgical Nurses;
With the advent of molecular marker, introgression of genes controlling good quality by marker-assisted selection has been proved to be an effective choice to improve the quality of cultivars.
Conclusion Pedicle screw fixation with PLIF or PLF are both effective for low grade isthmic spondylolisthesis.PLIF with Pedicle screw fixation confers superior mechanics strength in correction and maintaince of spinal reconstruction,PLF with pedicle screw fixation had significant loss of reduction and high hardware failure rate,but the clinical outcome was no influence.
the hair follicle is implanted at the recipient area.
Conclusion: The ethanol injection method is appropriate for the preparation of curcumin ethosomes with stable physical properties,which may be used in transdermal drug delivery systems.
Conclusion Λ-WH0402 can inhibit the proliferation and migration of HUVEC cells.
So the results showed that this PCR assay could be applied to detect the expression level of poMx1 mRNA.
Deproteinization of polysaccharide from Galla chinensis
INFLUENCE OF VITAMIN COMPLEX ON IMMUNE FUNCTION IN MICE
Complications of laparoscopic cholecystectomy in China:analysis of 39238 cases
Using microarray-based miRNA expression profiling, we compared the miRNA expressions in plasma samples from 13 hypertensive
Conclusion: systematic health education can improve understanding of glaucoma patients suffering from the disease and self-nursing ability,to promote the rehabilitation of the patients is significant.
Study on the Serum Pharmacology of Chinese Herbal Drugs. I -Application to Antibacterial Activity
The entanglement dynamics between two end spins in an anisotropic spin-1/2 Heisenberg chain is investigated when the external magnetic field and the nearest-neighbor coupling are periodically modulated.
Sandvik A et al (Oral and systemic administration of β-glucan protects against LPS-induced shock and organ injury in rats. Clin Exp Immunol 148: 168-77.
the work-up of the cleavage solution is preferably carried out by separation of the phases and extraction of the reaction mixture with organic solvents suitable for this purpose to the person skilled in the art.
And then, it's studies that the effect of in suit copolymerization decentralization nano-TiO2 on resin, and the effect on film properties wasalso studied.
Objective To study the expression and optimization of detection of reporter Renilla luciferase(Rluc) in E. coli.
Suitable labels may provide signals detectable by fluorescence, radioactivity, colorimetry, X-ray diffraction or absorption, magnetism or enzymatic activity and include, for example, fluorophores, chromophores, radioactive isotopes, electron-dense reagents, enzymes, and ligands having specific binding partners.
05).SCORAD integral value in the two groups at diagnosis showed no statistically significant difference(t = 0. 557,P> 0. 05),SCORAD integral value after four weeks of treatment showed statistically significant difference(u=-2. 411,P<0.05).
The explanations of the pH dependence of the reactivity of N-terminal alpha amino groups with aldehydes given by J. T. Edsall (supra) and by R. S. Larsen et al., ((2001) Bioconjug Chem 12:861-869) are more compatible with the experience of the present inventors.
Objective To establish a sensitive, valid and rapid high performance liquid chromatography-trap mass spectrometry (HPLC-MS) method for determining carbocisteine concentration in human plasma.
Analysis on Pathologic Bacteria and Drug Resistance of Urinary Tract Infection
another added that thiomersal was an important preservative for use in multi-dose vials of inactivated vaccines for use in animals at minimal concentrations and had been shown to be safe for humans and animals.
single-stage combine anterior-posterior instrumentation for multiple level cervical spine fractures
Pharmacological Experiments of Fetal Dog Brain Injection
Mass spectra of thirteen epimers of podophyllotoxin and its derivatives have been examined
Objective: to probe into the relation between polyp of large intestine and polyp canceration
inoculate a prepared microbial mixed strain liquid into a solid medium, namely a proces microbial inoculum vector; culturing that microbial mixed strain liquid at a constant temperature of between 28 and 30 DEG C in an incubator for 3 to 4 days; carry out adsorption immobilization and proliferation to prepare an immobilized mixed microbial preparation.
The Relationship between Matrix Metalloproteinases and Metastasis of Lung Cancer
(5). The concomitant agent of any of the aforementioned (1) to (4), wherein the organic or inorganic and mono- or di-basic 5 acid is 2.0 hydrobromide acid, 2.5 hydrobromide acid, 2 maleic acid, 2 tosylate, 2.5 hydrochloric acid, 2 naphthalene-1-sulfonic acid, 2 mesylate, 3 mesylate or 2 naphthalene-2-sulfonic acid.
Delayed open reduction and internal fixation for Rudёi Ⅲ Pilon fractures
At 6 months after CRT,the patients with a decrease of NYHA≥1 and a decrease of LVESV ≥10% were classified as CRT-responders and the others were classified as CRT-nonresponders.
the study on that ability of learn and memory affected by PCB in rat
Analysis of the Effects of PEG IFN α-2a (Pegasys) Combined with Ribavirin to Cure CHC
Refer to the clinical diagnosis, the sensitivity, specificity and accuracy of MPB64-ICA were 61. 95%, 87. 50% and 72. 54% respectively;
Experimental stuby ahd clinical application of venous flap
Objective:To investigate the effect of ligustrazine on ET and TNF in plasma of r ats with chronic renal failure (CRF).
Studies on Genotype and Serology of Measles Virus Strains
Response surface methodology is used to optimize the reaction conditions,the best process methylparaben synthesis is as follows( take p- hydroxybenzoic acid of 0. 1mol as basis) : the molar ratio of methanol and hydroxybenzoic acid is 5. 3,the dosage of sulfamic acid 2. 3g,the reaction time is 6h 20min,the reaction temperature is 65℃.
If significant errors exist, the cause is investigated and the quality of the dosimetry system results is assessed before dosimeter values are assigned.
his feature had thickened, that skin on nose and cheekbone was coarsely red, even the bald scalp was too deep a pink.
Results 31 patients completely understand the treatment process and the note, so they cooperate with treatment smoothly.The wounds healed well, and the pain score,degree of satisfaction and prognosis expectations were significantly improved after nursing, data are statistically significant(P<0.05).
synthesis of 30-100 nm nanoscale magnetic polymer particle in inverse microemulsion
Ex vivo experiments have demonstrated that NDMC crosses the blood brain barrier and acts as an agonist at central muscarinic receptors in rats.
Results All the patients were followed up for 12-40 months , with an average of 26 months . Thirty - eight patients achieved bone union after surgery ,2 cases had delayed bone healing , and 1 had head collapse
Study on Technology and the Pharmacokinetics of Compound Xuesaitong Drop Pills
When the concentration of H2PtCl6and NaBH4are 5 mmol / L and 30 mmol / L, respectively,and the pH value of NaBH4solution is 13,the sensor gave the best sensing performance.
When the cleavage is carried out using a restriction enzyme, it is possible to cleave into DNA fragments of a desired size by the use of restriction enzymes where the recognizing base pairs are different.
Clinical Significance of Changes of Serum Collagen Type IV Level in Patients with Esophageal Cancer
Ray Fluorescence Determination of Steel Compositions Using Fundamental Parameter Method
The virus enters the body through oral route and eventually invades the central nervous system.
Obesity is a pathologic disorder caused by excess fat accumulation in various tissues, particularly in abdominal adipose tissues.
knowledge rate of prevention of infectious atypical pneumonia in Jiaxing City, Zhejiang province
Effects of "Tifukang" on Immune Function in Rats after Intense Exercise
A sole random code was printed on the label of the test drug, which was corresponding to the confidential random table and the treatment group.
The mechanism of the adsorptive catalytic wave of Ti(Ⅳ)-cupferron (cup) complex in the presence of (NH_4)_ 2SO_4 and hexamine (pH6.0) is studied.
Diffusion of magnetic fluid and energy transport in the tumor are crucial processes for magnetic fluid hyperthermia and play an important role in tumor treatment.
Expression of c-fos mRNA Following Moderate Lateral Fluid Percussion Brain Injury in Rats
The primary endpoint was a composite of death or myocardial infarction.
Based on the rate constants of the reaction of dye-forming coupler, DIR coupler and DIAR coupler with QDI respectively, the effects of DIR or DIAR on the essential reaction of dye image formation were investigated
CT imaging technique in temporal bone
In this work, two catalyst series of Ni/MgO and NiO/γ-Al2O3 for two different routines of synthesis gas manufacture, the CH4-CO2 reforming and the partial oxidation of methane, were designed and prepared, and their physico-chemical properties and the catalytic performance were systematically investigated by means of BET, XRD, TPR, TEM, TG, XPS, exchanged pulse reaction and activity evaluation.
Study on antitumor activity of albaconol extracted from Albatrellus confluens
the sheet member 71, 75 are disposed respectively above and below that body portion 31 of the patient
Expression of MMP-2, MMP-7 and TIMP-1 in Adenomyosis: Correlation with Pathogenesis and Clinical Manifestation
hybrid selection from distant hybridization of maize and diploid perennial teosinte
Conclusion: The intervention to ovarian tumor during pregnancy by operation at proper time is safe to women and their neonates.It is necessary that the ovarian tumor should be eliminated at the same time when it was found in cesarean section.
Effects of Organophosphorus and Pyrethroid Pesticides on Estrogen
PRELIMINARY INVESTIGATION ON INSECT DIVERSITY AND CORRELATION ANALYSIS WITH ENVIRONMENTAL FACTORS IN ARTIFICIAL TURF OF LUSHAN MOUNTAIN SCENIC AREA
After 3 months of the implantation,thresholds were gradually decreased and finally stabilized.The pacing thresholds between the two groups were not statistically significant differences during the follow-up periods.
Optimization of Medium and Culture Method for Isochrysis zhanjiangensis
Use of Polymerase Chain Reaction to Detect PseudorabiesVirus DNA
a method for the selective catalytic synthesis of allyl glycidyl ether oxygen propyl trimethoxy silicane,
FIG. 3 shows the relative positions of the UV light rays 42 of various wavelengths generated by the UV light source 38 (FIG. 2), the photoinitiator 44 and photoinitiator 46 excited by the UV light relative to the continuous layer 4
Abnormal Glucose Metabolism Status in Hospitalized Patients with Coronary Heart Disease and the Effect of Acarbose on Patients with Coronary Heart Disease and Impaired Glucose Tolerance
After trypan blue staining, more than 98% of the vascular smooth muscle cells survived
The titre (pfu/mL) of three phages is respectively 109, 1011 and 1011, PaP1 is lytic phage, both PaP2 and PaP3 are lysogenic.
There was no significant difference between both therapy groups (P> 0.05
the present invention relate to a patient monitoring system for monitor cardio pulmonary performance or that like by means of capacitive measurement
Studies on transformation of mtlD/gutD salt-resistant gene to Kiwifruit(Qin mei)
The modified method was further used to extract the total protein of five other fungi, and the results showed that similar extraction effect could be obtained, indicating that this method can be potentially used as an efficient total protein extraction method for fungi
Depressurization Effect and Influence to Metabolism of Different Drug Comination Therapy
The ED-As of mouse fibronectin and human fibronectin are 96.7% identical (only 3 amino acids differ between the two 90 amino acid sequences, see FIG. 2
Feasibility of computed tomography based thermometry during interstitial laser heating in bovine liver
The relative % HAV areas for the PEG precipitate and solvent extracted product (AQX) are provided in Table 4.
Echocardiographic automated cardiac output measurement of pulmonary output and quantification of intracardiac shunt
ethylene diamine tetra acetic acid
In recent years great attention has been paid to the study of colonic electrical stimulation.Colonic electrical stimulation is expected to become a valuable option for treatment of gastrointestinal dysfunction.
sufficient saponification agent comprise that reaction product of a fatty acid or fatty ester with a stoichiometric excess of an alkali metal hydroxide or ammonium hydroxide so that the composition has an alkaline pH and has a reduced oily residue after strip when compared to an otherwise similar composition that does not contain the saponification agent.
Objectives:To evaluate the situations of medical economics of Activating Blood and Diuresis,Brightening Eyes method(SanXueMingMu Tablet)on the non ischemic retinal vein occlusion.
The relationship between hydrogen dilution ratio and the characteristic of thin film is studied systematically.The mechanism of crystallization is discussed on the basis of the results of diagnosis of plasma by Langmuir probe and optical emission spectra.
in which protect groups bond to a base resin such that elimination of said protect groups from said resist resin increases its alkali-solubility, wherein: said protecting group are residual groups represented by that following formula ( I ): wherein represents a substituted or unsubstituted, fused ring having 12 to 25 carbon atoms, and R represents an alkyl group having 1 to 4 carbon atoms.
Most of the superficial branches of the medial sural cutaneous and posterior tibial arteries, their diameters were 0.95±0.36mm, distributed between 200mm superior and 100mm superior of lateral melleous (44.5
Study on the relationship between type 2 diabetes and arterial atherosclerosis
Mobility improvement was observed in particular in patients affected by Parkinson' s disease.
the B cell were stained with anti-kappa light chain antibody ( pointe by green arrows ).
Recently,it is found that transcription coregulators play important roles in the processes of gene expressing regulation and pre-mRNA splicing.
in vitro culture and Rapid propagation of Magnolia sieboldii
Effects of Baicaojiangzhiling on expression of OX-LDL and LDL-R mRNA in atherosclerotic rabbit
Jurnal Perempuan is one of three private organizations forming the Sexual and Reproductive Health and Rights Task Force, which has drafted a sex education curriculum that is to be tested in the coming months. Selected schools in 10 districts across Indonesia’s vast archipelago will be part of the project.
Under the experimental concentrations, the order of pesticide that can activate the soil respiration of field was: Daconil > Carbendazim > Methomyl > Imidacloprid
And straw and plastic mulching cultivation stem diameter,plant height,leaf number of lily was more,seeding stage than the traditional non membrane cover less than 10 d,bulb production increased by 12. 15%.
The optimum conditions of the reaction were determined:vinylacetate:methyl methacrylate:acrylic acid:acrylonitrile=1:0 26:0 08:0 21(molar ratio),the reaction temperatures of the core and the shell were 70 ℃ and 78 ℃ respectively,the time of both reactions was 2 h.
The results indicated that S. sclerotiorum could be differentiated by conventional PCR assay with the developed primer set SclSF/SclAF from other eight crucifer pathogens tested,including Alternaria oleracea,Cercosporella albo-maculans,Phoma lingam,Albugo bliti,Botrytis cinerea,Colletotrichum gloeosporioides,Peronospora parasitica and Erysiphe cruciferarum.The real-time PCR technique appears suitable for early detection and the epidemiological studies of S. sclerotiorum from diseased stems and leaves of oilseed rape.
There was no dominant pattern in the appearance of the sentinel lymph nodes either cranial or caudal to the injection site
Rapid establishment of periodontitis model in rats
Synthesis and characteraziton of C8-functionalized ordered mesoporous aminopropyl-silica
The results of the study suggest that the pathogenesis of respiratory distress syndrome was apparently related to the increase of complement activation, neutrophil aggregating activity, and blood coagulation
Four mice in each group were killed on days 2 and 4 after model induction to observe the physical status and evaluate pathologic changes in the colon.RESULTS:No death occurred during the "gavage needle"-based modeling preparation.The control group showed no abnormalities.
Winter Jujubes were treated with CMC edible coating carrying Metschnikowia pulcherrima.The effects and physiology on Winter Jujubes fresh-keepingwas estimated by the decay index,weightless rates,firmness,soluble solid contents,titrable acidity contents,vitamin C contents and respiration intensity.
Studies on Bionomics Comparison of Different Strains of Sclerotinia Sclerotiorum and Methods for Identification of Resistance in Rapeseed;
Ultrasonographic characteristics and assessment of quantitive diagnosis for carpal tunnel syndrome
But recently,a number of basic and clinical investigators have revealed that the level of C-peptide is closely related to the cardiovascular and neurological function,which is being paid increasing attention.
Early monitoring of lymphocyte subsets in patients with hand allotransplantation
Apoptosis and Retinopathy
the solvent is then decolorize with aid of active carbon and that penicillin G acid is back-extracted to wat upon neutralization with an aqueous potassium salt solution such as potassium acetate
Method: 121 children with asthma and 111 control group were used by skin prink test with dermatophagoides farinae and dermatophagoides pteronyssinus,expectedly,at the same time,the level of total IgE in serum of 66 children with asthma was checked by ELISA,the level of serum allergen test of 59 children with asthma was checked by immune strap mark experiment.
Dimethyl fumarate(DMF) is a kind of ester compound with wide use and highly antibacterial and bactericidal action.
Objective To evaluate the effect of early enteral nutrition(EN) on recovery of gastrointestinal function in patients after hepatobiliary surgery.
A green synthesis of 4-acetoxy benzoic acid by the esterification of 4-hydroxy benzoic acid and acetic anhydride using sulfamic acid as a catalyst is reported.The influences of some factors on the synthesis process are studied.
Objective To observe the effect of primary pterygium treated by improved technique of conjuntival and corneal limbal autograft transplantation.
Cardiac Syndrome X and Insulin Resistance
Results:After 6 months of treatment, 24 hours micro albuminuria was significantly decreased in sererity(p< 0.01). The calculated T/P ratios were 79%(SBP) and 66%(DBP
Preparation method of Sarpogrelate intermediate 2-((3-methoxy) phenethyl) phenol
the align 606 can move that patient's teeth 600 by applying pressure to the teeth.
Investigation and Optimization of Factors on Measuring IgG in Porcine Serum by Direct Enzyme-Linked Immunoserbent Assay
The current studies focus mainly on BPA’s estrogen effects and little on their cytotoxic effects.
that decrease in serum total T4 concentration is higher than the corresponding decrease for treatment with methimazoie only with T , falling within the normal total T4 concentration range , indicating that there is a synergism between the action of Food B and the antithyroid agent .
Objective To investigate the clinical efficiency of low-molecular-weight heparin calcium with defibrase in treating patients with acute cerebral infarction.
The aids virus specific plasma adsorption column comprises an adsorption column cavity and resin particles, wherein the resin particles are prepared from macroporous strong-alkalinity styrene anion exchange resin; a heparin lithium layer which is 0.5-1 mm thick is adhered to the inner wall of the adsorption column cavity; a plurality of adsorption holes are distributed in the resin particles; the aperture of each adsorption hole is 120.5 nm; the two ends of the adsorption column cavity are respectively communicated with a blood catheter.
Two algicidal bacteria were isolated.WD1 and WD2 were assigned to Acinetobacter johnsonii and Pseudomonas mendocina,respectively.
the procatalyst is treated with the one or more esters of one or more aromatic monocarboxylic acids or substituted derivatives thereof ( first sca component ) in the presence of the aluminum compound cocatalyst.
A WHO web site on adjuvants in clinical evaluation including adjuvant safety, with a database of clinical trials, will be made available shortly.
According to this composition, a powder x-ray diffraction of the 2-ethyl-3, 7-dimethyl- 6-(4-(trifluoromethoxy) phenoxy) quinoline-4-ylmethyl carbonate crystals displays diffraction peak patterns as shown in Figure 1.
in addition to microorganism, cultures of cell derived from multicellular organisms may also be used as host
an instrument carried at the tip of a catheter is fed along the path followed by a vessel to an operative site from a point in the vascular system that is easily accessible from outside.
Changes in corneal asphericity and corneal aberration after laser coneal refractive surgery
The majority malignant tumors included squamous cell carcinomas and adenoid cystic carcinomas;benign tumors consisted of pleiomorphic adenoma,leiomyoma,Chondroma,etc.
Epidemiological study on infectious status of helicobacter pylori in children in Haikou City
2. The CD3~+ level of the hyperprolactinemic patients was lower and the CD8~+T level was higher both than that of the normal controls (P>0.05,P>0.05), but no significant difference of CD3~+T and CD8~+T levels was found between the patients and the normal subjects respectively (P>0.05,P>0.05).
The result showed that grain yield of wheat was highly significantly different among the treatments but was not significantly different between the treatments and the conventional tillage control.
The acid hydrolysis conditions were give as follows:acid concentration 6%, solvent media 95% EtOH, temperature 3 h
Retinoic acid inducing skeletal malformations in fetal rat model
The Study of Laparoscopic Anatomy and Operative Approaches for Laparoscopic-Assisted Radical Gastrectomy
Induction of Apoptosis in Vascular Endothelial Cells with Diamide
While easier to wet on plant surface,pear leaves give critical surface tension of 39. 90 mN·m-1 and 38. 02 mN·m-1. Bioassay results of viable bacteria determination in the mixtures demonstrate that 4 of 6 surfactant combinations show inhibitory action on the amount of viable bacteria.And the rest(Ⅲ and IV) are safe.
an amino acid that is required by animals but that they cannot synthesize; must be supplied in the diet.;
In accordance with another aspect, a method of handing off a patient is provided.
2. We find in this experiment that the medium Miller, MS and Nitsch can make anther callus of rice (O. sativa subsp. Shien) differentiate green plantlet.
Protective Effect of Benefiting Qi and Dissipate Stasis on Gastric Mucosa of Atrophic Gastritis Rat Models
the selecte strain can eliminate reducing sugar such as glucose and maltose
Comparing single pair selection with mass selection, the resistance ratio to lambda cyhalothrin increased to 27.3 fold from the original 4.9 fold after 2 generations' single pair selection, whereas the resistance ratio to lambda cyhalothrin only increased to 7.4 fold from the original 4.9 fold after 2 generations' mass selection.
Sequence polymorphism of human papillomavirus type 16 E7 in cervical cancer
Effect of E6, a novel calmodulin inhibotor, on activity of P-glycoprotein in purified primary cultured rat brain microvessel endothelial cells
A clinically relevant approach to imaging prostate cancer: review.
This antibody fragment comprises the variable regions of the heavy and the light chains linked by a flexible peptide-linker, which allows the expression of the protein from a single gene.
Methods Clinical data,the TCM syndrome elements and the six meridians differentiation distribution characteristics of 108 patients with DMCD were collected and analysed.
in situ Temperature-Dependent Raman spectroscopic Studies on methane hydrate for in natural fluid inclusion
Immunoblotting technique (IBT) against extractable nuclear antigen (ENA) from rabbit thymuswere applied to detect seven autoantibodies in sera from177 patients with connective tissue diseases and 32healthy blood doners. Anti-Sm antibody was found in50% of 145 patients with SLE. Anti-RNP antibody existed in sera of several connective tissue diseases andshowed higher sensitivity in SLE (58%). 16 % and 5 %patients with SLE Were anti-Ro (SSA) and anti-La(SSB) positive respectively. The most striking findingw
Evaluation of the anal sphincter function qualitatively and quantitatively with vector manometry in congenital anorectal malformation
homogenate was made for determining MDA, GSH and TNF-α. Results After ischemia for 45 min and reperfusion for 3h and 6h, plasma level of ALT, content of MDA, GSH and TNF-α in the liver tissue of GdCl3+I/R group significantly lower than those of I/R group (P< 0.01), while GSH in the liver tissue of GdCl3+I/R group significantly increased (P< 0.01
It has been reported that various microvascular textural anomalies have been found in diabetes and diabetic neuropathy,
Methods and Results:The xylE gene which codes for the catechol 2,3 dioxygenase(CatO2ase) was amplified from the recombinant plasmid pTG402 by using PCR technique and was subcloned onto pUC118N and pUC119N. The single stranded recombinant phage DNA fr
Detecti on of secretory IgA antibodies against gliadin and human tissue transglutaminase in stool to screen for coeliac disease in children:Validation study
Molecular marker of pot shattering resistance trait major gene locus of rapes and application
influence of chinese herbal on oxy-radicals in early ALI
Study on Patients Satisfaction Evaluation Index System for Nurses Job
Measurement of biochemistry indexes in infants' umbilical cord and its significance
Muscle protein is then separated from the connective tissue.
The solvent which may used in step B includes protic solvents such as water, methanol, and ethanol;
The patients are divided into two groups(male Scr: 110μmol/L;female Scr: 90μmol/L).And Elastic results of different groups are proceeded with statistical analysis.
Bidirectional stress physiological regulation feedstuff additive and method of preparing the same
the Real-time email scan is now configured to automatically quarantine infection that are detected.
Methods Column: Agilent kromasil C18(250 mm× 4. 6 mm,5 μm);mobile phase: acetonitrile: 0. 5% acetic acid,gradient elution;detection wavelength: 281 nm;analysis time: 60 min;flow rate: 1 mL / min.
high-molecular weight extracellular haemoglobin derive from annelid and used as calcium inhibitor for prevent and treating related diseases
the chemical composition of the silicon nitride based coating was determined with xps spectrum whereas the surface morphology and roughness were determined using an atomic force microscope ( afm ), a screen electric microscope ( sem ) and optical microscopy.
Conclusion The dose in the relative important organs was changed after the tumors reduced by several days treatment.
Genetic Transformation of Portulaca oleracea L.Callus Mediated by Agrobacterium tumefaciens
when in preparation, firstly, the pure product of the vitellogenin of snapper is prepared;secondly, the polyclonal antibody of rabbit anti-vitellogenin of snapper is prepared;and thirdly, one bottle of pure vitellogenin of the snapper, one bottle of the polyclonal antibody of the rabbit anti-vitellogenin of the snapper, one block of blank 96-hole enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay board and respectively one bottle of the serum of a negative contrasting group, coating liquid, confining liquid, sample diluent, washing liquid, color development liquid, terminator and goat anti-mouse secondary antibody marked by horse radish peroxidase are filled into a box body together, thus obtaining the kit for detecting that the internal secretion of the sea disturbs the chemical substances.
Synhesis of Fluorescent Indicatior for Cytosolic Calcium--Fluo-2
Methods were taken from 2007 to june in a hospital emergency room treatment of patients with prescriptions for which the use of antibiotics and medication to the reasonableness of the statistical analysis.
Methods Selective catheter hepatic arterial infusion was performed in 7 healthy domestic pigs using diameter 46~76μm 32 P GMS,in which 4 pigs administred radiating 32 P GMS.
according to " Handbook of Applied Mycology , " Vol . 4 , Fungal Biotechnology ( 1992 ) page 588 It is interesting to note that the species of Taphrina and Exobasidium formed yeasty like cells and spores in surface layers on the parasitized tissues of the host plant .
MRI appearances of injury lesions of knee joints associated with fractures were assessed.
Both groups were given high frequency jet ventilation after inhalation injury,while in the treatment group perfluorocarbon liquid (3 ml/kg) was slowly injected into lungs at the same time to establish high frequency partial liquid ventilation. Blood gas,lung compliance and airway resistance were measured at 30,60 and 90 minutes post ventilation.
And the root length of these seedlings is much longer than that of the seedlings grown in medium omitting exogenous sugars,suggesting that uptake of exogenous sugars by root promotes root elongation.
Control values may refer to the predicted values for the patient given the patient's visual acuity, ocular health, genetic predisposition, environmental factors, or combinations thereof, among other things.
The A260/A280 reflects the proportion of protein substances to nucleic acid substances in an autolysis solution and relevant content of the protein substances and the nucleic acid substances and is an extremely comprehensive index, the conventional single-index boundedness is overcome, and the manmade operation error is small.
the OMEGA-3 fatty acid is docosahexaenoic acid ( DHA ), eicosapentaenoic acid ( EPA ) which is derive from micro algae or a marine animal.
Clinical analyses OF 30 CASES ON laparoscopic cholecystectomy OF acute cholecystitis
7 . the model according to claim 1 or 2 , wherein the autosomal dominant hereditary disease is diseases related to Trinucleotide Repeats .
organic adsorption
The Value of Color Doppler Diagnosis Time Node Select on Intrauterine Residue of First Trimester Miscarriage
As with influenza virus , the terminal sequences of bunyavirus RNAs are complementary and highly conserved .
To carry out the polymerase reaction-based read-out step it will usually be necessary to first anneal a primer sequence to the magnified readable signal sequence polynucleotide, the primer sequence being recognised by the polymerase enzyme and acting as an initiation site for the subsequent extension of the complementary strand.
antitumor antibiotics
the Chinese medicinal gel quality can be control by performing identification by use of control solution, and performing gas phase chromatography.
The invention relates to a method for extracting pure nervonic acid ester from a mixture of nervonic acid ester and erucate,
single chain antibody expression use an Escherichia coli secretion system in high cell density fermentation
Methods The clinical date of 168 patients with thyroid nodules,admitted to our hospital from June 2009 to December,were retrospectively analyzed with pathological findings as the reference standard.The findings on elastography were classified into five grades: grade 0 to Ⅳ.The nodules with grade less than Ⅱ were diagnosed as benign,otherwise more than Ⅲ were diagnosed as malignancy.
Objective: To observe the effect of double filtration plasmapheresis in the treatment of systemic lupus erythematosus with severe thrombocytopenia.
Male students got lower score of the depression factor of SCL-90(t=2. 411,P<0. 05),however,higher score of factor 3 in the TAS-20 than female students(t=2. 409,P<0. 05).
For example, an electrochemical-based analytical test strip for the determination of glucose concentration in a blood sample can employ an enzymatic reagent that includes the enzyme glucose oxidase and the mediator ferricyanide.
Surgical therapy for metastatic cancer of the liver: a report of 116 cases.
Results 5 patients had pharyngeal fistula after laryngectomy( 21. 74%),3 patients were cured by dressing change,and 2 patients underwent conservative treatment,the fistula is reduced to about 1cm,direct suture after healing.
Studies on synthesis of carboxymethyl mung bean starch
the present invention relate to an N-terminal cysteine-tagged streptococcal protein G variant
the patient has been diagnosed as having an infection of C. pneumoniae .
Among the dead,25 patients appeared function failure of several visceral organs,which took 92. 6%of the total dead cases.Conclusion:To carry out positive.
As shown in FIG. 5, in all three cell lines analysed cell viability was significantly reduced in the presence of miR-7 as compared to miR-NC, and in the presence of miR-7 cells became sensitive to lower doses of AG1478 than were effective in reducing cell viability in the absence of miR-7.
In the case of thermal cleavage the step of cleavage of the first capturing moiety from the particle can be replaced by cleavage of the biological target from the first capturing moiety.
Perioperative Treatment of Breast Carcinoma Complicated with Hyperthyroidism 51 Cases
Agrobacterium tumefaciens LBA4404(harboring plasmid pBin438-TaNHX2) was used to infect Puna Chicory explants based on the regeneration system that had been established for the high efficiency transformation of the cultivar.
Design and Application of a Multivariable Dynamic Matrix Control Algorithm
Three complexes of copper(Ⅱ) with 3, 5- dibro-mosalicylaldehyde Schiff base have been synthesized and characterized by elemental analysis and infrared spectral data.
Clinical Observation on Nourishing Yin & Dissipating Blood Stasis & Purging the Bowels for the Treatment of 55 Cases of Cerebral Thrombosis in Ying-deficiency Blood Stasis and Fu-organs Excessive Syndrome
chromatin-containing immune complexes activate autoreactive B cells and dendritic cells by a dual receptor engagement process which, in both cell types, involves a Toll-like receptor (TLR).
Apoptosis of osteoblast-like cells induced by dexamethasone
Modifying the substrate/diet. Nearly everyone agrees that sugar consumption and caries are directly related. Evidence comes from a variety of observations in humans, including epidemiologic surveys, con- trolled studies and non- interventional longitudinal human studies, as well as from innumerable tests on experimental animals.
The optimum temperature for conidial gemination and appressorium formation is 25℃.
The natural fat of milk from which butter is made, consisting largely of the glycerides of oleic, stearic, and palmitic acids
The results showed that compared with control group,WSP and AEP and xylanase increased significantly body weight,the weight of bursa of fabricius and gizzard and glandular stomach,the length of gut(P<0.05),but had no significant effect on lactobacillus and streptococcus and salmonella and coliform in recta chyme.
the result product can be further purified use small volumes of concentrated ethanol
The risk factors of coronary heart disease are being discovered constantly since the disease was known by people.It is about 200 kinds of risk factors that has been discovered up to now.Previously known risk factors in the body including: dyslipidemia,fibrinogen,serum with semi-hazy acid,pregnancy-associated plasma protein A,interleukin-6 etc.
The expression of coding gene,Amy6-4 plays an important role in α-amylase activity in the barley.
Serum enzyme study and ultrastructure analysis on cardiac muscle damage of rat in the state of high stress
The kit comprises basic components of chromogenic culture medium, adjunct enhancer of the culture medium, antibiotics solution and sample dilution.
Neuroprotective effects of magnesium sulfate on spinal cord injury in rats
Initially, CCE was applied for screening of colon cancer, but now it is also used to diagnose and evaluate inflammatory bowel disease (IBD), especially ulcerative colitis (UC).
(2)P53and VEGF expressions, both contributing to the tumor neovascularization, may be helpful in the understanding of intra-tumoral angiogenetic mechanism in the fulture.
Method for preparing ethyl alcohol through cassava
Methods 53 patients w ith malignant tum ors complicated with lower extremity deep vein thrombosis were studied retrospec tively.
Although growth velocity is greater during infancy than in toddlerhood, toddlers do experience rapid growth and development.
flame retardant compounds are those that can be added to a polymeric matrix to render the entire composite less likely to ignite and, if they are ignited, to burn much less efficiently.
include but are not limit to calcium carbonate, calcium sulfate, dextrates, dibasic calcium phosphate, hydrogenated vegetable oil, magnesium carbonate, magnesium oxide, mannitol, microcrystalline cellulose, polymethacrylate, powdered cellulose, pregelatinized starch, sorbitol, starch, tribasic calcium phosphate etc.
Effects of liming on soil Cd fractionation and Cd uptake by vegetable in heavy metal contaminated soil
The fermentation kinetic parameters of biomass,polysaccharide and sucrose consumption by Lactarius hatsudake were calculated by applying Logisticand the Luedeking-Piret equation,respectively.
figure 10 shows another front elevation view of a breast implant supported by the implantable prosthesis of the present invention;
isolation and characterization of CMO Gene promote from halophyte Suaeda liaotungensis K
Multiformity of mast cell in patients with irritable bowel syndrome
Serum AchR and PsmR antibodies were detected by ELISA. It was found that MG patients had a significantly higher frequency of CD5 +B lymphocytes (19.75%±10.8%) than controls (15.4%±9.67%)(P<0.01).
SLDH-deficiency of the strain 26A11 was confirmed by Western-blot analysis.
Closed corpus cavernosum penis albuginea rupture of high frequency color Doppler ultrasound in the diagnosis of trauma
Determination of chloramphenicol and dexamethasone in chloramphenicol dexamethasone ointment by HPLC and its stability
Analysis of Knowledge,Attitude and Behavior Characteristics of Parents of Hand-Foot-and-Mouth disease (HFMD) Children
The interaction of the antigenic peptide fragments with the T cell receptor results in antigen-specific T cell proliferation, and secretion of lymphokines by the T-cells.
Distribution of memory T cells in CD4~+/CD8~+ Tim-3~+/Tim-3~- T cell population in PBMCs from patients with active pulmonary tuberculosis
in the meantime, and as a result of the sexual violence, the authors daughters rights to health, including reproductive health, and education are affected and they may be further affected.
self-stimulation; SS
Novel blood vessel cannula
Relationship between HER2 Oncogene Amplification by Fluorescence in Situ Hybridization and Clinical Pathology of Breast Cancer
Applied Anatomic Study on the Skin Flaps of the Ascending Branch of Dorsal Carpal Branch of Ulnar Artery
Moreover,the changes and influencing factors of sea-island fiber during extraction process were studied by DSC and SEM. The results showed that extraction was a dynamic process including penetration of toluene to sea-island fiber,dissolving of LDPE and diffusing of LDPE to toluene.
Dynamic Observation on expression of α-SMA during the evolution of Golden Hamster Cheek Pouch Carcinogenesis.
Influence of interactions of glioma cells and endothelial cells on invasion of glioma cells and its relation with fibronectin
Construction of the recombinant lentiviral vector of RNA interference targeting human ERG gene
Transfection with GSK-3β in vivo induces tau hyperphosphorylation at PHF-1 sites*
During each injection peripheral blood was collected at 0,2,4,648,72 and/or 96120(h) for meassuring progesterone (P), 17-OH progesterone (17-OHP), androstanedione (△_4A), dehydro-epiandrosterone(DHEA), testosterone(T) and estradiol (E_2
12 . use as claimed claim 11 wherein , the analogues of alkylxanthates used are ethylene bis ( isobutyl xanthate ) , methylene bis ( n-butyl xanthate ) , methylene bis ( tetrafurfurylxanthate ) , p-xylene bis ( n-butylxanthate ) and m-Fluorobenzyl isobutylxanthate , the structural formulae of the above compounds are shown in the figures 4,5,1,6,2 and 3of the drawings respectively .
such bacteria will proliferate spontaneously during the salt / sugar treatment providing the advantageous effects indicated supra.
Objective:To determine the p53 and Ki-67 expression and their clinical significance in tissue samples of patients with cystitis glandularis(CG).
The 113 Cases Analysis of Diagnosis and Treatment in Traumatic Colorectum Rupture
For example, these unnatural amino acids include but are not limited to pethylthiocarbonylLphenylalanine, p(3oxobutanoyl)Lphenylalanine, 1,5dansylalanine, 7aminocoumarin amino acid, 7hydroxycoumarin amino acid, nitrobenzylserine, O(2nitrobenzyl)Ltyrosine, pcarboxymethylLphenylalanine, pcyanoLphenylalanine, mcyanoLphenylalanine, biphenylalanine, 3aminoLtyrosine, bipyridyl alanine, p(2amino1hydroxyethyl)Lphenylalanine, pisopropyl thiocarbonylLphenylalanine, 3nitroLtyrosine and pnitroLphenylalanine.
Effect of Cortex Moutan Polysaceharide-2b on Early Diabetic Nephropathy in Rats
it is made up by use tumour-ressiting Fab,
Endovascular stent-graft treatment of thoracic aortic dissections
preferred are pharmaceutically acceptable ester derivatives convertible by solvolysis under physiological conditions to the parent carboxylic acid,
Conclusion The systemic absorption of podophyllotoxin in rats after its topical application in liposome suspension is significantly lower than that after application of 0.5% podophyllotoxin alcohol solution, therefore the systemic toxicity may be reduced.
The result showed that milk proportion(P>0 05)and the econemic eficiency of treatment yroups were higher than control group by 3%~6 1%.
There is no difference between HAl and LAI in NF200 (P>0.05).
Objective To study the significant MRI expresses of central sulci of 100 healthy people in order to improve the understanding of central sulci and its adjacent structures through MRI imaging.
Results Four compounds exhibited antagonistic effect against ear edema at the dosage of 50 mg.kg-1,but it was insignificant as the dosage was reduced to 20 mg.
The combination of a notable adhesion to the floors and walls of buildings, synergistic parasiticidal effects between the silica and the bicarbonate and, finally, antifungal effects of the latter makes the use according to the invention extremely advantageous in the treatment of buildings for rearing animals.
Effects of simulated microgravity on rat cardiomyocyte apoptosis
Results The first principle component of the HLA -A loci in the Chinese population has obvious geographic genetic structure from north to south.
Vitamin D was administered at 800 IU for patients with a serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D lower than 45 nmol/L and 400 IU for all others.
Clinical Features and Prognosis of Nasopharyngeal Carcinoma with Cervical Vertebra Damage
Some of the rats in group②③④ were killed to determine the biochemical indexes. The rest were kept in room temperature for 1 week, then exposed to 0±1 ℃ for 3 weeks to Abstract the formation time of cold acclimation
Aggressive Fibromatosis Tumor in Jaw,Face and Neck and Literatures Reviewed.
To study the effect of explosive on densities and microstructure of ultrahigh temperature ceramics ZrB2-SiC,two kinds of ZrB2 matrix toughened by SiC whisker or SiC nanoparticles were prepared by explosive compaction.
STUDY ON PATHOLOGY OF OSTRINLA FURNACALIS AFTER INFECTION WITH BEAUVERLA
An experimental study of microelectrode-guided pallidotomy for treatment of parkinson's disease
Neither synergistic nor suppressive effect was found between the cells in B group and non-T4+ group.
Methods Descriptive analysis was used to review the burn-cases in our Burn Department from 1970 to 1998 and to summarice the epidemic features and common causes of the injuries.
Genetic Diversity of Two Red Squirrel Populations Between Daxing'an Mountain and Xiaoxing'an Mountain by RAPD Analysis
Objective: To investigate the expression and significance of YKL-40 in articular cartilage of osteoarihritis.
Role of tumor associated material(BXTM) in early diagnosing malignant tumor
And gender,signing consent forms experience also significantly influenced the purpose of signing consent forms.
Conclusion: The rat model of Lishirezheng associated with hypoxemia could be established by injecting ileic acid through jugular vein before intestinal ischemia-reperfusion
Research on the Synthesis of p-Methoxybenzeneacetonitrile
It helps in protecting the lungs from infection and possible damage from an infectious organism
Results Chondromyxoid fibroma always was a solid,gray and slightly transparent nodule which was surrounded with thin bony shell.
Multidrug resistance in leukemic cell line K562/A02 induced by doxorubicin
still another aspect of that invention relate to methods for prophylactic or therapeutic treatment of a patient suffer from, or susceptible to, atherosclerosis, which method comprises administering to the patient a pharmaceutical formulation, comprising:
Novel lipidomimetic compounds and uses thereof
However,the yield decreased when the potassium applied from 112.5 kg/hm2 to 150 kg/hm2.So 103.0~112.5 kg/hm2 of potassium application in practice is suggested.
Phospho-soda comprises , per 5ml portion , 2.4g monobasic sodium phosphate monohydrate with 0 . 9g dibasic sodium phosphate heptahydrate in a buffered aqueous solution .
mouse by LPS, nuclear protein were isolated and analyzed by electrophoresis on polyacrylamide gel, and quantified by scanning densitometry
Methods:Tuberculosis monthly,quarterly,annual reports,network datas and other reports were analyzed in five counties and third district of Lu’an city between 2003 to 2010. Results:There were 66,460 newly diagnosed patients,20,519 smear-positive cases and 17 878 new smear-positive patients between 2003 to 2010. The detection rate of smear-positive patients and new smear-positive patients increased as the year.
Conclusion The comprehensive exercise of respiratory function can improve the postoperative respiratory function of patients with esophageal cancer and reduce the incidence of postoperative complications.
The clinical study on the relationship between isolated systolic hypertension and target organ damage
A slight gap can be present between the spoon blades 2 and 3, in order to prevent tissue from becoming trapped between the two spoon blades when the latter go from an open to a closed position.
If the intestinal tracts does not contain sufficient lactase, consumption of a high level of milk may cause diarrhea
IL 8 concentration reached, then serum TNF α and IL 8 level decreased, but they were still higher than normal.
Effect of hydroxyethyl starch and Ringer's solution on splanchnic perfusion in dogs with septic shock
1, 10 μmol·L -1 CPZ was found to reduce neuron death rate and LDH release induced by Glu and the condition of neuron growth was improved.
Once sufficient accretion of the primary targeting species on targets is achieved , a targetable construct is administered .
Patients are at risk for heart disease, kidney failure, limb amputation and other serious complications.
Application of CDH in treatment of esophagus and gastric cacinoma
us patent nos. 4,618,633 and 6,716,900 disclose a composition comprising rubber-modified styrene copolymer resin and polyphenylene ether resin, a material that has superior ability to form char compared to the polycarbonate resin.
A higher proportion of fat for energy, moderate-intensity exercise. Unit time decomposition, consume more fat, lose weight the best. Low-intensity exercise, the highest percentage of fat for energy, but the exercise intensity is low, unit of time to decompose, consuming less fat. High-intensity exercise function in the main rely on glucose, fat, small proportion of features conducive to the decomposition and consumption of fat, other physiological functions of less obesity, exercise to lose weight at an early stage is often difficult to tolerate high intensity exercise. High-intensity exercise on the role of human progress is obvious, therefore, used exercise to lose weight by a friend no harm in a period of time after moderate-intensity exercise, such as every day 30 60 minutes moderate intensity exercise, inheritance, 68 weeks after the performance and progress of each body moderate-intensity exercise interspersed short period of time, such as 510 minutes of intense exercise can enhance weight loss.
the analyst of that factors of the amblyopia treatment
This report reviews some of the most clinically interesting HBV-related research presented during this year's meeting of the American Association for the Study of Liver Diseases
Diluted nitric acid is used as leaching agent for leaching silver from the ore, through precipitation, removal of impurity, complex separation and reduction cleaning, a branched form of elemental sponge silver is produced.
Method:We carried on lumbar puncture and cerebrospinal fluid-filter air auxotherapy for 25 cases suffering from intracranial subdural effusion of variant period,variant regon,Then observed therapeutic effect and common side effect.
The biofilm surface of the BF had better nitrification ability and dehydrogenase activity than suspended sludge and bore half weight of total biomass of HMBR system.Under the disturbance of improper waste water,the biofilm surface of the BF showed stronger stability than suspended sludge,which enhanced the nitrogen removal ability and the stability of HMBR system.
Diversity and phylogenetic analysis of archaea in the hot spring in Padang Cermin,Sumatra,Indonesia are investigated by constructing the 16S rRNA gene library of metagenomic DNA and using PCR-RFLP technique.
In Vitro Purging Effect of CD3AK/iNOS on Leukemia Cells
Expression of Recombinated PAI-2 cDNA in the Subclone of HT1080
Applications in serous effusion cell count using Sysmex UF-1000i urine sediment analyzer
Although had been primary treated for their cleft lip or cleft palate so perfectly, the patierts would get the new deformity of nose, lip, mandible, maxilla and occlusion with the facial growth. So, the secondary corrections of them in adults are really significant. The authors analysed and studied the results of 1602 cases of cleft lip and palate corrections, and propounds the new clues of design and the emphases of treatment in combining therapy of cleft lip and palate in adults. For the deformities of pa...
To perform electrophysiological recording and other investigations on transplanted neural cells in vivo,we used mechanical damage to establish a special traumatic brain injury model that could distinguish transplanted cells from host cells.
Accordingly, these results show that high levels of adherence can be achieved by contacting cells with an implantable support less than 2 hours before implantation.
A Brief Report on Breeding of agaricus blazei Strain “FUJI J77”
Conclusion ATM pathway plays as a candidate in anti-cancer barrier and loss of its signaling would increase genomic instability in ovarian tumorigenesis.
Study of rapid propagation of dendrobium
tumor cells and endothelial cells are separated;
In the elongated sanitary napkins, since the absorbent region is thus elongated, the raised absorbent region may face the wearer's body from the anus to the cleft of the buttocks so that body liquid such as menstrual blood trying to flow down the wearer's body from the anus to the cleft of the buttocks during sleep can easily be received by the rear portion of the absorbent region.
Statistical significance was found among the three groups in aspects such as age,historical episode of coronary disease or stroke,blood serum urea nitrogen( BUN) level,and mean nocturnal systolic / diastolic blood pressure( SBPn / DBPn).
Evaluation of Myocardial Tissue Perfusion after Successful Emergency Percutaneous Coronary Intervention in Patients with Acute ST-Segment Elevation Myocardial Infarction
The Effects of Acupuncture on Adujusting the Immune Function of Chronic Fatigue Rats
study on that burden of primary family caregive for stroke survivors and it's influence factors
Study on the effect of acetate sodium concentration on denitrifying phosphorus removal
The procymidone-resistance(PMr) strains were easily obtained through mutagenesis of procymidone,and the resistance levels of PMr mutants were also tested.
Determination of amitriptyline and its metabolites in serum by reversephase high performance liquid chromatography
Multienzyme System of DNA Replica-tive Initiation in Bacteria
such as inflammatory reaction.
In a separate experiment, the lather of DEFI (a mixture of approximately 73% sodium cocoyl isethionate, 23% fatty acid, 3% sodium isethionate, and 1% water) was compared with that of a DEFI/Deriphat 160 mixture.
Conclusion Changes in serum levels of PA and CHE in patients with liver cirrhosis can be used as diagnostic and prognostic indicator,to judge the degree of liver cirrhosis has an important significance.
The Study on the Asymmetric Addition Reaction of Zinc Diethyl with Aromatic Aldehyde Catalyzed by Optically Active γ-amino Alcohol
Cloning and bioinformatics analysis of IFN-αgene of wild cat
Advances in Laparoscopic Surgery for Carcinoma of Digestive System Based on Radical Principle
High-yielding Strain Breeding and Culture Condition Optimization for Tylosin
One example of a cationic polymer that is suitable for use in the present invention is chitosan (poly-N-acetylglucosamine, a derivative of chitin) or chitosan salts.
Protective effects of adenosine on cultured rat hippocampal neurons after oxygen-glucose deprivation
Results The symptom score of combination group after 4 and 8 weeks of treatment are significantly lower than that of esomeprazole group(P<0.05).
however, the doses to other organs and tissues arising from the inhalation of radon and its decay products are quite small, usually at least an order of magnitude smaller than the doses to the lung.
Objective To determine the lipophilic constituents from the seeds of Vitex negundo L. .
lactic acid is an essential ingredient of polylactic acid,
Intracranial blood vessels (sinus and its branches, meningeal artery), the skull base dura mater, cranial-nerve feeling branch, extracranial scalp, subcutaneous tissue, muscle and skull periosteum are all tissues causing headache feelings, which will produce headache when expanded, pulled, squeezed, inflammation stimulated
Mutations of T531C,C534A,T581A and A589C(except G529A and T562A) could cause an alteration in the corresponding amino-acid sequence.
The South and the North kiwifruit’s fatty acid composition and content are analyzed and compared.
IFN-α upregulated the expression of DR4 and p-ERK.Inhibiting the activity of ERK partially reversed the IFN-α-induced increase in sensitivity of SGC7901 cells to TRAIL,as well as the expression pattern of DR4.
Cistanche cell disruption method and buccal tablet prepared by cistanche micropowder obtained by method
Vital signs were observed before and after treatment,the degree of difficulty breathing,brain natriuretic peptide(BNP) and the related changes in hemodynamics.
Experimental Study of New-type Atrial Septal Defect Occluder
Objective To evaluate the value of high energy positron imaging in the diagnosis of colon neoplasm
Purification of Recombinant GM-CSF/IL-3 Fusion Protein
When the distance between wheat (T. aestivum) flag leaf and it's adjucent leaf is about ±2cm,four different kinds of CHA (Chemical Hybridizing Agents) were sprayed, then we took the anthers which were at different microspore's development stages to make POD, Amy and Est isoenzymes analysis.
reducing cholesterol uptake
In addition,linear correlative relationship was identified between MN frequency and lipid peroxidation in Vicia faba roots induced by cadmium,and the correlation coefficient is R2=0. 94. The Vicia faba root MN assays were thus proved to be a simple,efficient and reproducible method for the genotoxicity monitoring of water environment regarding cadmium.
Xanthine oxidase(XOD)was detected in serum and in urine of rats with daunomycin nephrosis(DMNS)and with passive Heymann nephritis (PHN).
the study on changes of 2, 3-DPG, ATP and pH in that bag blood dipped in seawater
A Clinical Study of External Application of Chinese Medicine and Acupuncture Therapy in the Treatment of Knee Osteoarthritis
Thirdly, 3-hydroxy- 1-benzyl indazol and chloroacetic acid process carboxymethylation reaction, obtain 1-benzyl-indazole-3-oxyacetic acid
cells containing the protein are then identified by detecting a fluorescent signal.
After 12 weeks,the levels of fasting blood glucose(FBG),2 hour postprandial blood glucose(2hBG),glycosylated hemoglobin(HbA1C),body mass index,insulin dosage and drug adverse reaction were detected and observed.
use of 1,4-dihydropyridine derivative in prevention and therapy of atherosclerotic degradation of arterial walls
[Method] Fang Yiqiwenyang soup,Fumigation with Chinese herb,for patients to diabetes education,a reasonable selection of oral hypoglycemic agents or insulin.
polymerization and solidification of the parylene layer occurs simultaneously with the deposition of the parylene monomers on the product.
investigation of entecavir medication of chronic hepatitis B patient in that Chongqing area who failed lamivudine treatment
Therapeutic understand for 16 patients with congenital intestinal atresia
which allows for protecting the sharp-pointed needle which is used to penetrate the patient 's skin and allows for including tubing and large or heavy pieces such as a hub beside the injection device inside the packing.
Conclusions Vitrectomy is effective in treating early atrophy of eyeball.
Comparative analysis of CT features and clinical appearances in early traumatic brain injury
The diameter of esophageal vein was significantly larger than that of control at 15th week ( P <0.05).
CONCLUSION:Schistosomiasis can increase the opportu-nity of carcinomatous change, while some other cases indi-cate that shistosomiasis and gastric carcinoma are only cor-related by chance
Method Patients(n=60)with prostate cancer were included,28 assigned for medical castration and 32 for surgical castration with TURP.
the procedure of lumbal vertebra aspiration biopsy was effective and relatively safe
the radiation image apparatus determines that X-ray irradiation time based on the predicted radiopaque dye moving speed, the detect radiopaque dye density distribution, and a predetermined radiopaque dye density
There were no significant differences in serum levels of PAPP-A and CRP before treatment with atorvastatin between 10 mg group and 20 mg group.
Experimental results showed that, for a given liquid phase flow rate, both void fraction and pressure drop increased with increasing gas phase flow rate, and void fraction decreased while the pressure drop increased with increasing chemical reaction rate. For a given gas flow rate, void fraction decreased while pressure drop increased with increasing liquid phase flow rate and chemical reaction rate
Cytogenetic Observation on 83 Cases of Sex Malformations
METHODS:An appropriate cadaver was fixed, and fused through arterial infusion, then embedded and sliced
Fast Atom Bombardment Mass Spectrometry of α-Amino Acids
RACE fragment. The final results showed that the MnSOD cDNA in chickenheart is 1108 bp in length, including 25 bp of 5?
(b) shows the UV-visible spectra of samples after loading with silver ions (lower line) and after reduction in NaBH4 (upper line), with wavelength (nm) shown on the X-axis and absorbance shown on the Y-axis;
One hundred primer pairs were designed for PCR amplification of 7 cultivars.Thirty one primer pairs show the successful amplified bands,accounting for 31% of the designed primers,and 14 primer pairs show polymorphisms,accounting for 45. 2% of available primers.
Conclusion: Tumor grade, a relevant predictor of disease severity, influences the accuracy of dynamic contrast techniques in the diagnosis of HCC.
laparoscopic repair in 55 patient with gastric and duodenum perforation
Value of the laparoscopy in treating gynecological acute abdomen.
The invention relates to a method for treating monosodium glutamate wastewater by utilizing lipomyces starkeyi, and the method comprises the following steps of: (1) inoculating lipomyces starkeyi onto an activation medium to carry out activation culture, so as to obtain activated cells; (2) inoculating the activated cells into a liquid seed culture medium to carry out seed culture, so as to obtain liquid seeds; (3) inoculating the liquid seeds into a fermentation lipid-producing culture medium to carry out fermentation culture, so as to obtain fermentation liquor; and (4) carrying out centrifugal separation on the fermentation liquor, and collecting thallus precipitate, wherein the supernatant is the treated monosodium glutamate wastewater.
Analysis of the Mixture of MCPA-Dimethgl Aminesalt and 2,4-D Dimethylamine Salt by HPLC
hepatic angiomyolipoma diagnose by MSCT: case report
isolation and characterization of mouse PAD6 PCR
The first material may be a polymer , preferably a conjugated polymer .
The present invention provides compounds of formula ( I ), ( I ) and pharmaceutically acceptable salts thereof.The formula I compounds inhibit the tyrosine kinase activity of growth factor receptors such as VEGFR-2 and FGFR-1,
the angiotensin II receptor antagonist ( sartans ) release above 75 percent after 45 min.
Polynucleotides encoding FGFR ECD acidic region muteins are also provided.
Clinical Research of Shangke Black Cream on Normalized Treating to Chronic Soft Tissue Injury
and it can produce quercetin which is a kind of flavonoid glycoside up to 40. 8 mg·L-1 and 101. 7 μg·g-1. The endophytic fungus can produce quercetin and can be used as an alternative strain for flavonoids production.
Another exemplary expression vector is pdC, in which the transcription of the immunofusin DNA is placed under the control of the enhancer and promoter of the human cytomegalovirus (Lo et al., 1991, Biochim. Biophys. Acta 1088:712; and Lo et al., 1998, Protein Engineering 11:495-500).
Anatomical Structures of Magnolia sargentiana and its Ecological Adaptation
Observation of Granule of Kang-shu Jian-gu on Postmenopausal Osteoporosis,A Report of 40 Cases
Results Comparing with the year 2002: 1)The first aid patients in age group 0~15year-old and group 81~92 year-old were evidently reduced (P<0.05).
maxillary length Greatest length of that bone. Often misapplied to the length of the whole upper jaw when the upper jaw includes the premaxilla.
Novel antagonists of 4beta1 integrin and/or 4beta7 integrin of the general Formula I: wherein R1, R2, R5, L1, L2, Rb, W and Z are as defined in any one of claims 1 to 13, A represents -CH- or a nitrogen atom, and p is from 0 to 4.
Meanwhile, the content of total fatty acids and polyunsaturated fatty acids per unit biomass of algae was evidently correlated with that of TN (-0.646, -0.655) and TP (-0.511, -0.400) .
Methods The serum β 2 MG, urinary β 2 MG, urinary α 1 MG acquried by radioimmunoassay and GFR acquired by 99 Tc m diethylenetriamine pentaacetic acid ( 99 Tc m DTPA), renal dynamic imaging were measured in 44 diabetics and 20 normal subjects.
Methods 14 patients with severe asthma were treated by antificial controlled mechanical ventilation
ANH; atrial natriuretic hormone
The specific of MAIPA was greatlyheder than competing-ELISA on patients with ITP (P< 0. 05
study on purification and bioactivity analysis of recombinant human bone sialoprotein express by Pichia pastoris
such epitope are characteristically surface-exposed, highly conserved
The separating may comprise filtering, centrifuging, membrane separation, settling, decanting, chromatographic separation (e.g. hplc, gc, gpc, sec, affinity chromatography, tlc) or some combination of two or more of these, and may additionally or alternatively comprise some other separation technique.
Si3N4 slurry was preparated by using Si3N4 and Si powder as main raw materials,Al2O3 and Y2O3 as sintering additives.Using a reticulated polymeric sponge with three-dimentional network and open cells as primal framework and immersing into Si3N4 slurry,porous Si3N4 ceramics with interconnected pores was prepared by twice sintering process.
Surface Plasmon Resonance and Biomolecular Interaction Analysis
Endovascular metallic stent implantation for the treatment of renal vascular hypertension
For non-volatile substances that do not diffuse through the skin, however, it is necessary to implant enzymes under the skin to effect oxygen changes at the skin surface.
Experimental Study of Photodynamic Therapy Combined with Chemotherapy of Subcutaneously Transplanted Hepatomain Mice
\ In addition,the level of serum CAEab in MG with thymoma was significantly higher than that in MG without thymoma(P<0.01),the rate of positive was 71% and 9.8%.
lavens entail a multi-step process in which yeast cell are processed by hydrolyzing its cell wall producing a digestible fee for aquaculture.
Effect of livial on bone metabolism in postmenopausal osteoporosis
6. The process for producing an optically active indoline-2-carboxylic acid or a derivative thereof according to claim 5, wherein the primary or secondary alcohol is one or more selected form the group consisting of methanol, ethanol, 1-propanol, 2-propanol, 1-butanol, 2-butanol, 2-methyl-1-propanol, 1-pentanol, 2-pentanol and 3-pentanol.
Results There were 6 male and 3 female in these 9 patients,the tests of serum and cerebrospinal fluid showed positive antibody reaction to Treponema pallidum.CT/MRI findings of brain revealed single or multiple asymmetrical lesions,involving frontal lobe,emporal lobe,periventricular and so on.The patients may visit with syndrome of anesthesia,hemiparalysis and so on.After first diagnosis all cases were misdiagnosed as stroke,intracranial tumor,meningitis Alzheimer disease and so on.
the liquid mosquito-repellent incense is a mixture prepared from gamma-valerolactone, terpinyl acetate, methyl salicylate and deionized water according to different ratios.
The emzymolytic tissue dissociation chamber may be used as a micromechanical device, and therefore may be conveniently adapted to use with small tissue samples and small volumes of enzymes.
The selected rice-blast-resistance material genes have very rich genetic backgrounds, filial generations prepared by using the selected rice-blast-resistance material genes as parents have very prominent resistance on the rice blast, and the new rice varieties with high rice blast resistance can be more easily obtained through breeding.
Strains require special treatments for removalsuch as spotting with organic solvents
Objective: To study the effects of Lycium barbarum polysaccharide (LBP) on alloxan-induced isolated islet cells damage in rats. Methods: Isolated islet cells from SD rat were cultured in vitro. SOD activity and MDA content in rat islet cells incubated with alloxan or alloxan combined LBP were measured. Results: Alloxan induced a significant decrease in SOD activity and a increase in MDA production, which were inhibited by LBP. Conclusion: LBP had protective ef...
Experiment group kept with cryopreservation,control group stored at 4℃ refrigerator.Human lymphocytes were obtained from 8 healthy donors.Both lymphocytes and root powders were grown in RPMI 1640 medium containing 10% fetal bovine serum at 37℃,5% CO2.Alamar Blue assay was used to observe the initial behavior of lymphocytes.
CCL chemokines and allergic rhinitis
Treatment of gluteal muscle contracture with tendon lengthening
Relationship between the Risk Stratification of Myocardial Perfusion Imaging and the Clinical Risk Stratification in Patients with Acute Coronary Syndromes
the present invention relate generally to a tissue preparation including tissue cell and extracts thereof useful for promoting or facilitating that growth
Nursing care of sequential invasive to noninvasive mechanical ventilation in treatment of none COPD severe respiratory failure
Advances in pharmacological research and structure-activity relationship of flavonoids
examples of useable platelets include mica, whether natural or synthetic, kaolin, glass flakes, bismuth oxychloride, platy aluminum oxide, or any transparent platelet of the proper dimensions.
Enantioseparation of N-protected amino acids and carboxylic acids by high-performance liquid chromatography with π-acid derived quinidine as chiral stationary phase
Objective To explore the difference of prostate-specific antigen(PSA),prostate-specific antigen density(PSAD) and prostate volume(PV) level between Hui and Han patients with prostate disease in Ningxia.
FINE STRUCTURE AND SYNAPTIC RELATIONSHIP OF THE VENTROPOSTEROMEDIAL THALAMIC NUCLEUS IN CAT
Conclusion Preoperative transcatheter arterial infusion is a safe, effective therapy for the treatment of PRMT, it is helpful to the surgery.
Methods: The expressional levels of AT1 and AT2 receptors were determined in human fetuses by immunohistochemical staining and real-time PCR.
The ApoA-Ⅰ concentration in men were positively correlated withage, TCh, ApoA-Ⅱ and B, negatively with HDL-ch
the RNA was reverse transcribe using that M-MLV reverse tran- scriptase enzyme and buff and random hexamer primers.
Comparation of Laparoscopic Surgery and Transperitoneal Surgery in the Treatment Fallopian Infertility
The type of saccharides, pHs, and temperatures used in the enzymatic reaction are set depending on the properties of enzymes used, i.e., substrate specificity, optimum pH, pH stability, optimum temperature, thermal stability, etc. The properties of the enzymes are described, for example, in "
Keywords Benzbromarone;Plasma concentration;Ion-pair HPLC;
Furthermore, physicians must typically rely upon their patients to comply with the dosing regimen for a medicine.
Conclusion:The nursing work added to alleviate the tension of patients receiving tubal lipiodol radiography and to avoid negative emotions and adverse physical reactions.
Preparation and characterization of 9-nitrocamptothecin incorporated in egg phasphatidylcboline-sodium deoxycholate mixed micelles
but I kept getting into debt buying cadavers and fetal pigs
Objective To determine the relationship of chlamydia pneumonia(CP)infection and coronary heart disease(CHD).
Methods 48 SD rats were randomly divided into six groups,which were the blank control group,the model control group,the positive control group and the drug control groups(The high,the middle and low dose treating group,respectively).
Pyrolysis of mixed polyolefin was carried out in an autoclave under the reaction temperatures of 633. 15-673. 15 K, initial pressure of 6. 325 kPa. The influences of reaction temperature and time on the product distribution of polyolefin pyrolysis were investigated. A four-lump kinetic model was also established. Finally, the optimum process conditions were found to obtain maximum yield of value-added products
left ventricular flow propagation velocity in color M-mode: comparison of two method including their physiologic implication
examples of androgen-related afflictions include, but are not limited to, baldness, hirsutism, behavioral disorders, acne, and uninhibited spermatogenesis wherein inhibition of spermatogenesis is so desired.
Clinical analysis of etiology and pathogen of infectious endophthalmitis.
Method for inducing and differentiating functional cardiocytes by utilizing endometrial stem cells
Clinical observation of 64 cases with junctional premature beat treated with the theory with nourishing Yin to relieve uneasiness of body and mind
As a natural compound, the 6-OAP has the advantage of promoting cytotoxicity in the multiple myeloma and lung cancer cells by cooperating with routine medicaments, such as adriamycin, dexamethasone, bortezomib and the like.
the pur action of Da Cheng Qi decoction ( DCQD) applied at chosen time on mice vary with that traditional twelve two-hour periods
The second scanning signal line (G2L) is selected after the first scanning signal line (GL) is selected.
Impact of Angiotensin-(1-7) on the Proliferation in Cultured Rat Adventitial Fibroblasts
inoculate that seeding tank culture solution into fermentation tank culture medium to be cultivate, and collecting fermentation liquor;
in vivo experiment were carried out on 5 week-old C57BL6 female mice ( Iffa Credo-Charles riv, France
Comparing two kinds of methods for extraction of human genome DNA from whole blood
A STUDY ON THE SMALL-MOLECULE AND DNA INTERCALATION--THE EFFECT OF DIFFERENT AMIDE SIDE CHAINS ON BINDING STRENGTH
Objective To construct glutathione S-transferase(GST)-tag prokaryotic expression plasmid of the pncA gene of Mycobacterium tuberculosis, and to express the fusion proteins efficiently in Escherichia coli BL21.
Plasmid extraction and PCR amplification.
The influence of etching time for clinical bracket bonded effect
which is derived from sulfuric acid contained as an impurity in the compound represented by the formula ( 1 ), during the neutralization reaction.
All the treatments except the treatment using ET6 alone as the photosensitising composition and the treatment which combined conventional RCT with PDT using ET6 as the photosensitising composition showed bacterial growth (FIG. 7).
and methods of using such a salt to treat a pulmonary disorder.
spray preparation for treat common cold
Mechanisms and effects of GDNF-modified artificial nerve on sciatic nerve defects in rats
Determination of Dextromethorphan and Dextrorphan in Human Plasma by HPLC with Fluorescence Detection
Correlations between MRI and Cognitive Changes during Acute to Rehabilitation Phase of Cerebral Infarction
Methods A plasmid vector expressing βactin siRNAs was constructed, and HeLa cells were transfected using the vector. The expression of βactin gene was assessed in both mRNA and protein levels. Morphological characteristics of the cells were also used to evaluate the function of the vector
So this paper is about preliminary study for the effect of hypoxia on the proliferation and differentiation of ES cells in vitro.
The hydrolysable carbohydrate in NTS is significant difference in 5~10? layer with NT
Fluorescent quantitative PCR detection kit and method for gene type of Hu sheep estrogen receptor
Diagnosis and treatment of adrenal tumor(report of 37 cases)
Application Experience of Huopu Xialing Decoction
Increased secretion of parathyroid hormone could also have been a factor, they add
Erythrosine B cells staining was used to count the rate of cell death.Apoptosis was detected by Annexin V/PI staining.Senescence was observed by senescence associated β-galactosidase kit staining.The expression of the Bcl-2,Puma,E2F3 and Cdk4 was resolved by Western blot.
The datas of color - ultrasonography, AFP, 6 - months and 12 - months survival rate of two groups were compared.
Furthermore, infusion/aspiration tip 104 can extend into infusion sleeve 102 to a point adjacent to a portion of infusion port 106 thereby blocking flow through infusion channel 103 and directing infusion fluid out through infusion port 106
the Disclosure Described are transgenic plants showing an increased accumulation of starch and/or an increased yield in starch-storing parts, organs or tissues due to a reduction of the endogenous adenylate kinase activity in cells of the plant.
Neonatal hearing screening combined with drug-induced deafness susceptibility genes mutation screening in Handan area
the slurry may be cool, washed and dry. examples of suitable acrylate resin binders for that emulsion aggregation particles
Molecular Epidemiology Study of Extended-spectrum β-lactamases in Escherichia Coli and Klebsiella Pneumoniae Isolated From Lower Respiratory Tract
hypoglycemic activity of alcohol extract of frenugreek
Micro-Raman laser Study on the ancient bronze patinas
If a sedated state is to be induced or maintained by parenteral infusion, appropriate rates of infusion of a compound of Formula I typically range from about 5mg/min to about 25 mg/min, more typically from about 7 mg/min to about 20 mg/min, and even more typically from about 7 mg/min to about 15 mg/min.
The electrical signals are detected by electrodes 84 in response to electrostimulation applied to neural structures of the patient by instrument 14 or other electrostimulating probe (not shown).
since that location of mark 504 is known with respect to the patient frame, the patient frame may be updated correspond to the change in position of marker 504.
First aid for hyponatremia coma following bowel preparation with magnesium sulfate plus bisacodyl : a report of two cases
Enhancement of denitrification in SBR base on natural zeolite adsorption and microbial immobilization
study on preparation and modification of Nanosilica aqueous solution and Properties of compound for
In the control group,the new dialyzers were filled with 500 mL saline,emptied fully and then flushed with 500 mL saline,and finally were closed with 20 mg heparin for 20 min. Results No first-use syndromes were observed in treatment group and 20. 0% in control group.There were significant differences statistically in the two groups(P < 0. 05) .
there are three fragments are complete novel after searching the nr and est catalogues of genbank and were banked into genbank. the accession numbers for them are u83208, u83279, u83397 respectively.
Ingredients of medium and fermentation conditions of Sr.
The medicine is suitable for patients with dementia, mental retardation, and liver and kidney deficiency.
Serum levels of BUN and Cr significantly changed only in patients with hypertension stage 3 or extreme high risk stratification(P<0.05 or P<0.01).
In addition, in order to successfully recover functions of the patient's bone using the bone graft, the bone graft must be securely and rigidly adhered to the patient's bone.
Relapsed seminoma during surveillance: first treatment choice should be radiotherapy.
If inhaled, anthrax spores can germinate and lead to infection within one to 60 days
Analysis on CT diagnosis of traumatic cerebral infarction.
Dynamic Observation on Intracellular Adhesion Molecular of Small Bowel Transplantation Graft of Rat
Observed two groups of patients with total amount of atropine treatment,recovery time of cholinesterase activity,two groups of patients before and after treatment 1 h,2 h,24 h,48 h levels of TNF-α,IL-6,hs-CRP.Results Levels of TNF-α,IL-6,hs-CRP of patients in two groups were significantly decreased compared with them before treatment(P<0.
With the needle 14 being of a larger gauge (25 gauge or larger in size), the lumen 20 is better configured to deliver the medicament M as a suspension (e.g., reconstituted or mixed solution) in being less susceptible to clogging of the lumen 20 by any of the agglomerations A formed in the medicament M.
The present application refers to pharmaceutical preparations comprising an active ingredient and a carrier wherein the carrier comprises an aqueous electrochemically activated salt solution.
Starch/lactic acid graft copolymer was prepared with in-stiu graft copolymerization catalyzed by zinc oxide
in a preferred composition two solution are provided for of which that first has solute comprising potassium phosphate, potassium carbonate and potassium fluoride, and the second solution has solutes comprising calcium chloride and strontium chloride
Induction of specific immunity against tumor endothelial cells by dendritic cells in vitro
an engineering strain for producing mannose, which relates to an engineering strain for producing enzyme.
Tetrandrine decreased the acid secretion (P<0.01), but it was not as powerful ad Atropine or Cimetidine was (P<0.05).
In contralateral AVCN HRP SP double labeled neurons were 44%, SP labeled neurons were 50% and HRP labeled neurons were 6%.
The present invention relates to a new eco-friendly process for the preparation of chiral alcohols by asymmetric reduction of prochiral ketones in water using soked Phaseolus aureus L (green grams).
If hydrophobic coatings are used, e.g. based on oils and fats, such as for example neutral oil, or based on hydrophobic polymers, such as described in JP 54105289, this reduces the dissolution behavior of the active substance-containing molded articles in particular in aqueous media or physiological liquids, such as saliva to the extent that the dissolution rate is reduced to a very large degree.
Study on the Separation and Analysis of Bio-materials in Soybean(Ⅰ)--Determination of Oligosaccharides in Soybean by HPLC using ODS Column
Conclusions :The method of nourishing both qi and yin had a comparatively good therapeutic effect on the chronic nephritis of the syndrome of deficiency of both qi and yin
With microwave irradiation,the facile and green iodination of uracil derivatives with ICl in water is described. The desired 5-iodo uracil derivatives(2a~2f) were obtained within 6 minutes in 75%~90% yield.
This was spun at 4K for 10 minutes, the pellet was washed twice in 70% ethanol and then resuspended in 0.84 ml T5E and 0.36 ml 10M NH4Ac.
Application progress of dynamic blood pressure monitoring on clinical experience
The two groups were compared in terms of deep phlebothrombosis and edema of lower limbs.
synthesis of crosslink FC and its crosslinking with hydrolyze reactive dyes
Conclusion Operative excision is the best way for treatment of colonic cancer in aged patients.
The Change of Recognitive Function and Its Relationship to White Matter Damage in Aged Rats;
an intrauterine device
Method for preparing novel metabolic accelerator butafosfan
Conclusions: Osteochondral fracture of the lateral femoral condyle is an injury to which adolescents with ligamentous laxity of the knee are prone.
Effects of Streptomyces 702 on Seed Germination and Seedling Growth of Rice and Soil Microbes
Comparative study on neural stem cells transplantation in different time after traumatic brain injury
The medicinal materials above cooperatively realize the effects of supplying vital essence and benefiting marrow, nourishing liver and kidney, strengthening Yang and invigorating the circulation of blood, and nourishing blood and yin.
Adenine、ATP、ADP、AMP and cAMP were separated by Micellar Electrokinetic Capillary Chromatography (MECC) with UV detection at 260nm on a 57cm×45μm ID capillary column, using an electrokinetic system of phosphate buffer 5mmol/L (Na_2HPO_4) and SDS 50mmol/L (pH=9.06).
This DNA fragment was introduced into an Xba I site of plasmid vector pUC19 to construct plasmid TnpL/pUC19.
(2) Twenty-five male healthy Wistar rats were randomly divided into 5 groups (n=5): control group for +lGz, +10Gz and +15Gz, AST intervention group for +10Gz and +15Gz.
in a preferable embodiment, that RNA amplification proces is carried out in the presence of an oligonucleotide that has been label with an intercalator fluorescent pigment, and the detection is carried out by measuring the fluorescent intensity of the reaction solution
This polymer is preferably a anionic, nonionic, cationic or hydrophobically modified polymer, selected from the group consisting of cationic polysaccharides of the cationic guar gum class with molecular weights of 1,000 to 3,000,000;
Control group and treatment group rabbits neck muscle superoxide dismutase were lower than blank group rabbits,activity decreased in the treatment group rabbits neck muscle content of superoxide dismutase higher.
Selection of drugs in the treatment of acute cerebral infarction
After 2 h, the reaction mixture was diluted with dichloromethane and poured into ice-water.
the clinician may use the color normalized tissue site image to define the tissue site by tracing around the perimeter of the tissue site.
Objective To investigate the prevalence of hookworm infection for Punan village of Xiangcheng district.
such as a protein factor, nucleic acid, microbe, virus and that like, are rapidly detect and analyzed by use the transition metal oxide as the signal label, the change of microbial populations is detected and controlled by combine the specific identification of the microbe and the antibody and the characteristics of transition metal oxide nano material similar to a catalytic enzyme, and microbes harmful to the human body and the environment can be rapidly detected.
Aerobic degradation of an endocrine-disrupting chemical, di-n-butyl phthalate by microorganism
The transformants were induced by methanol and the expression product were analyzed by SDS-PAGE, Western blot and ELISA. The results showed that soluble NT-3 were secreted into culturesupernatant . The NT-3b gene is better than the hNT-3 gene for expression in the GS115 yeast strain(x 2=4.334, P< 0.05) and the expression level was higher between 72~96h after induction, reaching about 31mg/L
Determination of Critical Micellar Aggregation Numbers by Steady-state Fluorescence Probe Method
Effects of AGE-β_2m on synovial cell adhesion, spreading and proliferation
L 1. Further results showed that moscatilin inhibited VEGF-induced capillary-like tube formation on HUVECs in a concentration-dependent manner.
5- to 6-membered heteroaryl optionally substituted with one or more independent substituents selected from the group consisting of (1) a halogen atom, (2) cyano, (3) nitro, (4) C1-C6 alkyl optionally substituted with one or more halogen atoms and (5) C1-C6 alkoxy optionally substituted with one or more halogen atoms;
Conclusion:Scutellaria Barbata D. Don has an inhibitory effect on the metastasis of hepatocarcinoma lymphatic.
Objective Explore the clinical features of tuberculous peritonitis,summarize the diagnosis and treatment about this disease.
Experimental study of the protective effect of ET-1 monoclonal antibody on liver transplantation ischemic-reperfusion injury in rats
That is, one well associated with each of the stimulation fluid pumping systems may receive stimulation treatments, while other wells from the well groups may be prepared for stimulation treatments.
Longan fruits ( Dimocarpus longan Lour.) of 7 cultivars, i.e., Fuyan, Wulongling, Pumingan, Songfengben, Youtanben, Jiaoyan and Xingshan Wanshu, were fumigated with SO 2, and the effects of the amount of sulfur and the treatment duration on the pericarp browning and the mass fraction of residual SO 2 were investigated. The results showed that the SO 2 absorbing rates of the fruits were significiantly different among various cultivars. The proper fumigating conditions were using 1
The maximum diameter and the minimum diameter of the tumor were measured regularly; the tumor volume was calculated and the tumor growth curve was made.
Analysis of 789 superficial mycoses and pathogenic fungi in Chengde
Objective: To observe the clinical effect of MEAW technique on intense adjustment at the later orthodontic period
the preparation is effective in clear away heat and toxic material, tranquilizing and resol depressed liver qi, removing blood stasis, and cal endopathic wind and relieving pain, and can be used for treating angioneurotic headache
The main reasons for bleeding were peptic ulcer,acute erosive gastritis,cardia and gastric cancer,and Dieulafoy disease.
Objective To investigate the efficiency of intracystic allograft fixed with bone plate and steel plate in management of long bone cyst merging pathologic fracture.
UⅡ and BNP levels before MBMC,1 d and 7 d after MBMC were measured by radioimmunoassay according to the manufacturer’s instructions.Results The UⅡ level before MBMC was decreased in AMI patients[(0. 223±0.
4. The process of claim 1 wherein the biological species is an enzyme.
Expression of the LIM mineralization protein can stimulate proteoglycan and/or collagen production in cells capable of producing proteoglycyan and/or collagen.
Experimental Study of Effects of PDLLA-T_3 in Peripheral Nerve Injury
cloning an APP695 gene to a pcDNA3.1(-) plasmid by directionally connecting products generated after double enzyme digestion;
Expression of p16 protein in the gastric mucosa of human fetus
LOH of Rb gene at initron 1 was detected by PCR-RFLP in 24 HCCs. 25% (3/12) LOH was found.
The effects of Ang-1 on the angiogenesis and vascular leakage of diabetic rats’ femoral head
Morphological Observation on Cells in 40 cases of MDS Patients
Changes in plasme amino acid profile and effect of Re-LPS antiserum on them in
The content of Polysaccharide is (0.38 0.67)? g/100? g and the content of cordycepin is (0.2 0.3)?
by adopting the reaction of the anti acid agent and the cyclodextrin to prepare a coating matter or for self emulsification, the anti acid agent is treated, and the treated anti acid agent, antibacterial drugs and proper amount of auxiliary materials are pressed into the tablet core, and the tablet core is externally coated with an enteric coating or pressed into the enteric coating.
this is a serious issue in view of, for example, the rapidly growing incidence of type 1 and type 2 diabetes, which makes this type of testing increasingly important for diagnosing the cardiovascular autonomic neuropathy linked to these types of diabetes.
the product is effective in enhance that stress resistance and promoting the growth of wean piglets, improving feed conversion rate, increase erythrocytes, leukocytes, lymphocyte percentage and CD4 /CD8 ratio
useful plasticizers include , but are not limited to , triethylene glycol di-2-ethylhexanoate , butyl ricinoleate , castor oil , dibutoxy ethyl phthalate , diethyl phthalate , dibutyl sebacate , dibutyl phthalate , triethylene glycol dihexoate , trioctyl phosphate , triethyl glycol ester of coconut oil fatty acids , phenyl ethers of polyethylene oxide rosin derivatives , oil modified sebacic alkyd resins , tricresyl phosphate , and the like .
RESULTS In the root,phellem cells possessed thickened wall,some of which showed clear furrows.The cortical cells contained brown contents.Fibers and stone cells which ranked in a ring were obvious in the pericycle,and the xylem was broad.The phloem and pith of stem also had schizogenous secretory cavities scattered.In the powder,numerous stone cells,brown contents,fragments of secretory cavities and prisms of calcium oxalate with distinct spatial structure were observed.
Aim: To compare the difference between splint and plaster external fixation for treating the Colles s fracture.
If mono is accompanied by a streptococcal infection of the throat, an antibiotic will be prescribed to treat that condition.
Antihypertensive drugs rational use in renal hypertension patients
uterine hook
Quantum dots(QDs) reacted with bio-macromolecules which showed different optical properties,however,the mechanism was not very clear.
By comparing with the published sequences of the reference strains′ 16S rRNA genes in GenBank,it is considered that the isolate is closely related to members of the streptococcus pasteurianus.
Construction and analysis of SSH cDNA library of male Haemaphysalis longicornis
Objective: To investigate the effect of PBL+SP teaching method on practicing teaching of Gynecology and Obstetrics in seven-year-programme clinical medical students.
isolate or concentrating that stress protein in the supernatant by mean of gel filtration, ultrafiltration, ultracentrifugation, cross-flow filtration, precipitation, drying, membrane filtration, ion exchange chromatography and electrophoresis.
Experimental study of the pathogenesis of chronic urticaria induced by Volatile Organic Compounds
LTC is considered in the management of long term urinary dysfunction such as intractable urinary incontinence, neurological disorders or bladder outlet obstruction.
the term " recombinant " refers to any type of cloned therapeutic expressed in prokaryotic cells or a genetically engineered molecule, or combinatorial library of molecules which may be further processed into another state to form a second combinatorial library,
Many of these systems were designed for nasal use, such as U.S. Pat. No. 4,756,907, incorporated herein by reference, but can be advantageously used on the vaginal mucosa
immunotherapeutic combination for that treatment of tumor that over-express receptors with tyrosine kinase activity
Gallium-substituted saponite (GaS) was synthesized by hydrothermal method.
the presented combined hc-tnt-therapy planning system, method, computer-readable medium, and use in some embodiments take into account the effect of necrosis induction by the hc-step as a basis for the biodistribution estimate of the tnt agent.
if selection is delay, that selection of transgenic cells or tissue may be hindered by, for example, shoot or callus formation from non-transgenic cells or tissues, which form a barrier to the penetration of the compound used to select the transformed cells.
Also reported are encoding nucleic acids and method for producing these repeat-motif-conjugates in mammalian cells.
Advances In Vascular Surgery Vol.
NPF neuropeptide of cotton bollworm and helicoverpa assulta as well as encoding gene and application thereof
The tritiated thy midine labeling indexs(TLI)of human breas,colorectaland l liver carcinoma were detected by autoradiography.The resuIts showed that TLI of breastcarcinoma: 1.95± 2. 30(N= 36),of colorectal c arcinoma;3.36 ± l.63(N = 4,of carconomaof liver:3.80± 4.64(N= 22);TLI of colon and liver carcinoma are significantly higher thanthat of normaI tissue near by(P
The invention belongs to the technical field of biology, in particular to a protein, a gene and a recombinant vector of Estp mutant, application and a preparation method thereof.
Clinical Studies on the Relation of Creatine Kinase and Gravity in Acute CO Poisoning Case
A polyimide acid(PAA) was synthesized by condensation polymerization from 3,5-bis(4-aminophenoxy)benzoic acid(35BAPBA) and 3,3’,4,4’-oxydiphthalic dianhydride(ODPA).Then the polyimide film with carboxyl group was prepared through thermal imidization process,and the properties of the film were studied.
leptospirosis diagnosis is performed by directly isolating bacteria from blood , cerebrospinal fluid , and urine of a patient , or by detecting antibodies in a serum .
Amino acid sequence analysis shows that in the sequence there exist an obvious transmembrane and a hydrophobic region
study of MRP 1 expression in cerebra of rat with medically intractable epilepsy
The resulting solid was collected by filtration and washed with cold water to afford 6-amino-3-(2-fluoro-benzyl)-5-nitroso-1H-pyrimidine-2,4-dione (2.58 g, 92%);
Methods 52 patients were divided into three groups according to serum albumin levels(>35g/L, 25-35g/L, hypotension during hemodialysis was observed
The surface and cross section were observed under scanning electron microscopy(SEM).The surface of ZnMgO thin film is smooth consisting of stripe-type structure.
However, treatment with 0.2mg/kg of PG05 plus 10 mg/kg of R1132 resulted in termination of pregnancy with decrease in serum progesterone level in rats. R1132 was also shown to have antiperistaltic effect.
Curative Effect Observation Treatment over Diabetes'Periphery Nerve Disease with Embolus-Dissolving Capsule
include an ECG paramete, heart rate parameter, heart condition, heart stability, blood pressure, SP02 and/or other paramete
Anatomic study and clinical apply of the lymph nodes of the mesorectum
the present invention relate to devices and method for treating intracranial aneurysms
Tranylcypromine derivatives useful as therapeutic agents, particularly for the prevention and/or treatment of diseases and conditions associated with the activity of histone demethylases LSD1 and LSD2, such as the diseases characterized by deregulation of gene transcription, cell differentiation and proliferation, e.g. tumors, viral infections, are herein described.
Firstly, a molecular dynamics(MD) simulation study was performed for the PIEK. The results show that the PIEK has the high heat-resistance(Tg> 200
Study on Booster Vaccination With Domestics Combined Hepatitis A and B Vaccine Among Children
It has been found that the steroid, silicone gel and vitamin E can be effectively mixed within a film-forming carrier such as Collodion or Flexible Collodion and be applied directly to the scar tissue in a convenient manner without the need for massaging the composition into the scar.
Clinical Characteristics and Nursing in 72 Cases of Elderly Acute Abdomen
The strategies of gene prolong expression in mammals
The lock that prevents unwanted distal movement of sharp distal tip 32 of introducer needle 31 out of the distal end of needle shield 40 once sharp distal tip 32 has been proximally withdrawn into needle shield 40 can take many forms.
Effect of bcl-2-shRNA on the intimal hyperplasia of vein autografts
One new compound was isolated form the EtOAc extract of CLYCYRRHIZAinflata bat collected at Gansu province in China . The structure was determined by ~1H、~(13)CNMR、NOE different spectra，~1H-~1H COSY、~(13)C-~1H COSY and~(13)C-~1H long-range COSY. It was named as Inflacoumarin A.
Relationships between Expression of p27, P53 and PCNA in Oral Precancerous Lesions and Squamous Cell Carcinoma
Time-Resolved Fluorescence Investigations of Aggregation in LB Films
Preparation method of 17 beta-estradiol molecular-imprinted composite microspheres
seed oil and protein presented positive correlation(r=0.319), seed oil and single ear yield presented negative correlation(r=0.478), but they are ont significant
The area or amount of abdominal visceral fat is calculated in relation to the total amount of fat (see FIG. 11).
colorless crystalline drug used as a sedative; irritates the stomach and can be addictive
The results show that girls aerobics exercise can improve endurance and cardiovascular fitness,improve posture,physical and psychological development of girls is to promote an effective means.
the preparation method has that advantage that the prepared orbifloxacin injection can be directly inject into animals in sick in an injection mode, so that the blood concentration of orbifloxacin is rapid to achieve the peak, and the treatment on critical animals in sick is facilitated
Methods: To analyze the clinical information of a patient with left low lung solitary nodule,and review the literature.
At 6-8weeks posttransplantation, animals' memory ability were observed by Y-maze test
such as, niacin derivative, preferably niacin, use and because that unique anhydrous base is responsible for penetration of niacin or niacin derivatives to the deep layers of the tissue,
We the present inventors thereafter diligently pursued research on the FL01 gene, and discovered that the gene that we the present inventors et al. had reported as being the FL01 gene (Watari et al., Agricultural and Biological Chemistry, Vol.53, No. 3, p.901-903, 1989) was not the intact FL01 gene as present on chromosome I of the yeast Saccharomyces cerevisiae strain ABXL-1D, but was the FL01 gene with a portion thereof deleted during maintenance of the plasmid containing the intact FL01 gene in Escherichia coli strain K12 (hereunder, this gene shall be referred to as FL01S).
When microbbuble concentration was 150 μl/ml,the transfection efficiency was the highest.While cell viability was decreased as microbubble concentration increased.Conclusion:At a certain parameter,the different plasmid concentration and microbubble concentration had different transfection efficiency.Plasmid concentration being 20 μl/ml and microbubble concentration being 150 μl/ml are ideal conditions for gene transfection.
There is a need for methods to prevent and treat cancers in general and particular types of cancer, such as breast cancer.
Synthesis and Resolution of Phenylalanine Analogues Substituted by Halogen
SEM. The number of mice in each treatment group is typically 5-7 mice
however, these agent, when taken alone, are rarely effective in providing complete and rapid alleviation of all that symptom of migraine, especially when the symptoms of the attack already include nausea or vomiting
CONCLUSION: Pediatric outpatient off-label use was noted in the Third Hospital of Peking University.For the diseases and drugs with high frequency of off-label use,close monitoring and suitable intervention should be conducted.
Objective To explore the characteristics of sandplay productions of anxious undergraduates,and provide basis to clinical practice and diagnostic analysis of sandplay therapy.
Conclusion Take pertinence,feasibility of mothers of premature infants,scientific intervention measures,can effectively improve the success rate of breast feeding.
Consequently, to the development of methodologies to recover specific T cells infiltrating the tumor stroma, known as Tumor-Infiltrating Lymphocyte (TIL), or originated from peripheral blood of non-treated individuals or after the use of therapeutic cancer vaccines, the main effort has been directed to the stimulation of these cells to increase their anti-tumor effector capacity in vivo.
The most common complications for hepatic encephalopathy,accounted for 55. 0%;hepatorenal syndrome(HRS),accounted for 37. 1%;and electrolyte disorder,accounted for 46. 4%.
The mRNA expression of cancer-specific antigen GAGE gene in hepatocellular carcinoma cell line
Carrot oil soothes the mucous membranes when inhaled and is useful in the event of dry nose syndrome
The testis MK-4 concentration significantly increased in the vitamin K1 added dietary group and the MK-4 added dietary group.
R expresses C1-C5 alkyl, C1-C5 alkyl halide, cycloalkyl, substituted cycloalkyl, aryl, substituted aryl or hetero aryl;
Study on Serum Superoxide Dismutase in Patients with Chronic Hepatitis B and the Relationship with Interferon Receptor
which means providing better body frame and / or increasing gestation backfat gain, and / or reducing lactation backfat loss and / or increasing lactation feed intake of female animals.
Keywords Polignum multiflorum Thunb. polysaccharide;myelosuppression;anemic mice;proliferation of hematopoietic progenitors;
Both BDNF and GDNF protein begun express at 2h, reached the peak at Id, and decrease at 4d, expressed weakly at 7d after ICH injury, but positive GDNF cells disappeared at 14d after ICH injury, and at the same time, positive BDNF cells were not different from that at Td.
43837 A health beverage prepared from wild or cultured Cordyceps
Objective To study the cause of the complications of the one-stage esophagus replacement with stomach for curing hypopharyngeal neoplasms and cervical esophageal neoplasms and to discuss its prophylaxis and treatment
Results:The score of mosaic attenuation had significantly negative correlation with forced expiratory flow at 25% of vital capacity (r=-0.45, P expiratory volume in one second (FEV 1) and forced expiratory flow at 75% of vital capacity (r=-0.29, P >0.05; r=-0.16, P >0.05, respectively
Objective To observe the therapeutic effect of ultrasound guided radiofrequency ablation in the treatment of primary hepatic carcinoma.
A 10-day course of treatment was instituted with different doses of buprenorphine hydrochloride(Bup)by gradual reduction in 73 patients in three groups respectively with mild,moderate and severe heroin addiction.
[Objective]To investigate the CT imaging findings and misdiagnosis causes of pulmonary inflammatory pseudotumor,so as to improve the diagnosis level.
They can optionally contain opacifying agents and can also be of a composition that they release the active ingredient (s) only, or preferentially, in a certain part of the intestinal tract, optionally, in a delayed manner.
Several issues to consider before the industrialization of stem cell therapy and its clinical applications
wherein G1, G2, G3, G4 are independently C1 -C6 alkyl with the proviso that at least one is not methyl or G1 and G2 or G3 and G4, or G1 and G2 and G3 and G4 together form a C5 -C12 cycloalkyl group;
NIM811, an analogue of cyclosporine, does not activate NFAT pathway because it does not bind to cyclophilin A (Waldmeier, et al, Mol Pharmacol, (2002) 62(1):22-29).
The determination of cytokine proteins may be performed in the tumour cells or in the tumour microenvironment.
Transrectal biopsy of the prostate guided by transrectal ultrasounography
Overexposure can cause lung, kidney, bone and liver damage.
improve that glucose utilization ratio of 3T3-L1 pre-adipocyte or lowering the blood fat and the application in prepare drugs for improving insulin resistance or treating diabetes mellitus
Hemocapillaries were somewhat plethoric, while no changes in hemodynamics were found.
China rich Blueberry anthocyanins, Blueberry anthocyanins material in the pigment, anthocyanin mainly-2-glucosidase, anthocyanins-3-xylosidase, anthocyanins-3-Fu-glucoside, flowers Green-2-rhamnoside, D.-3-rhamnoside, D.-5-glucosidase, 3-o-original flower-Chui, Malvaceae pigment 3, 5-and two glucosidation 3, 3-such as stripping the original flower. Blueberry anthocyanins senior pharmaceutical intermediates, and helps to maintain the integrity and stability of capillary collagen. Proanthocyanidins is a strong antioxidant.
Dynamic Analysis on the Disease Progression of Maize Leaf Blight Between Xianyu335 and Improved Xianyu335 in Western Region of Heilongjiang Province
the result show that polypeptides with molecular weight of approximately 17 and 30 kD are induced from roots, 17 and 35 kD from stems, and 15, 17, 32, 53, 56, 61 and 65 kD from leave on SDS_PAGE gel
The porous starch and derivatives thereof as the medicament carrier can improve the physical and chemical properties of the medicament such as solution, dissolution and the like,
Study on the Mechanisms of anti-_2GP¢ñ-Induced Tissue Factor Activity on Monocytes
the Chinese medicament is prepare from little multibanded krait, safflower, radix astragalus, stir-fry white peony, flos caryophyllata, langdu root, white downborne elixir, stiff silkworm, divaricate saposhnikovia root, tendril-leaved fritillary bulb, borneol, largetrifoliolious bugbane rhizome and vaseline oil in a weight ratio of 1-3:
Parts of the model promoter or the complete model promoter may be removed and replaced by gene-regulatory elements to be investigated.
Objective To analyze interface between luting cements and conformation of the dentin layer elements using the Energy Diffraction Spectrum(EDS) and compare the combining mode of different luting cements and dentin layer.
ve To investigate the value of X-ray plain film and CT scan in diagnosis of cervical spondylopathy
The results showed that the ethanol-water solution could be well divided into two phases with the addition of ammonium sulphate.The associated[SbCl6-] formed with SbCl6-and rhodamine B could be completely extracted during this process.
The C banding patterns are also varied in 1, 2, 3 pair chromosomes
Construction of E. coli Secretion Vector and the Secretory Expression of Human Epidermal Growth Factor in E. coli
the purify DNA is sent to that CU cancer cent DNA sequencing and analysis center, the use of T7and SP6 primer on two strand sequence
Clinic Study on Central Obesity with the Treatment of Moxibustion
IF are used to produce the phenol resin component, in which A, B and C, independently of one another, are selected from a hydrogen atom, a branched or linear alkyl radical that, for example, may contain 1 to 26, preferably 1 to 15 carbon atoms, a branched or linear alkoxy radical that, for example, may contain 1 to 26, preferably 1 to 15 carbon atoms, a branched or linear alkenoxy radical that, for example, may contain 1 to 26, preferably 1 to 15 carbon atoms, or an aryl or alkylaryl radical, for example bisphenyls.
in other embodiment, that antibody of choice is a single chain fv fragment ( scFv
A correlative study of the alterations of hearing and hair cells in prestin knockout mice
The extraction rate of glucan was compared by UV injuring culture yeast and normal yeast that was respectively reached 22.60% and 18.85% which was raised 19.90
Clinical application of cognitive behavioral therapy for prevention and treatment of anxiety and depression symptoms after ICD implantation
Low on-treatment TG(<150mg/dl) was associated with reduced CHD risk compared with higher TG in univariate analysis(hazard ratio[HR]0.73,95%confidence interval[CI]0.62 to 0.87; p<0.001) and in adjusted analysis(HR 0.80,95%CI 0.66 to 0.97; p=0.025
OBJECTIVE To investigate the effects of Ceftriaxone (Rocephine) in the treatment of severe respiratory infection
induction of apoptosis of human acute promyelocytic leukemia cell with millimeter wave radiation
Before it begins to work, the yeast is subject to disruption caused by fluctuations in temperature.
lase epilation: a clinical analysis of 308 cases
The expression rate of MMP-9 was 79%(37/47),strong expression was found in 72%(18/25) of T cell cases,and that in 23%(5/22) of B cell cases with the difference being significant between them(P<0.01).
Conclusions Most of the lung cancer patients are deficiency syndrome.It indicates that advanced stage lung cancer patients would be in unstable conditions and have bad prognosis when Qi and Yin deficiency.CYFRA21-1 and other tumor markers could be the microscopic evidence to traditional Chinese medicine syndrome diagnosis.
The whole surface of the plated cloth is readily conductive, thus allowing the maximum coverage of the skin of the patient 16 with the electrically-conductive material 5.
Among the 118 patients,there was a significant result between the SIR-2R level of 52 cases with SB≥51. 3μmol/L and that of 66 cases with SB<51. 3μmol/L(P<0.001). The study shows that increased SIL-2R probably reflects hepacytic damage and clinical condition of hepatitis B and cirrhosis,and thus may have some role in determining clinical type and estimating prognosis.
Method:54 healthy male SD rats(weight from 180g to 220g) with normal blood glucemia(< 6mmol/l) were randomly divided into 3 groups: hyperglycemia group (n=18), SBL+hyperglycemia group(namely SBL group n=18), BAY-ASA+ hyperglycemia group(namely BAY-ASA group n=18
【Results】 The SAS,SDS score with statistical significance in two groups of patients before intervention.The SAS,SDS score was intervention group of significantly lower than those of the control group after intervention and the difference was statistical significance(P < 0. 01).
The results showed that the optimal conditions for improving the extraction of antimicrobial substances from Mulberry leaves were as follows: ethanol concentration 60%, solid-to-liquid ratio 1 g︰30 mL and extraction temperature 70 ℃ for a reflux extraction duration of 2 h
cyclopropyl, cyclobutyl, cyclopentanyl, cyclohexanyl, cycloheptanyl, bicyclohexanyl, or bicycloheptanyl, which are optionally partially or fully halogenated and optionally substituted with one to three C1-3 alkyl groups optionally partially or fully halogenated, cyano, hydroxyl C1-3 alkyl or aryl, or an analogue of cyclopropyl, cyclobutyl, cyclopentanyl, cyclohexanyl, cycloheptanyl, bicyclopentanyl, bicyclopentanyl, bicyclohexanyl or bicycloheptanyl wherein one to three ring methylene groups are replaced independently by Q, S(O)m, CHOH, C-O, C-S or NH;
Appropriate selection of an endoscopic cap based on indication and location of the lesion is important for procedural success.
Effects of percutaneous closure of secundum atrial septal defect on size and function of left atrium in patients >40 years of age
BHL-I was capable of binding to human CD3 and human ovarian cancer as detected by ELISA and by FACS analysis of T cells and SKOV3 cells, respectively.
Clinical and Experimental Study on Treatment of Acute Cerebral Infarction with Acanthopanax Injection
in that long-period toxicity t, the weight coefficients of liver, spleens, kidneys and testis were larger in high dose group than that of in control group.
Jacod's Syndrome(clinical analysis of 11 cases)
study of the variations in intestinal content of recombinant heme oxygenase-1 following gastrogavage with the heme oxygenase-1-secreting Lactococcus lactis strain
study on active Window of Male sterility in wheat induce by New chemical hybridizing agent GENESIS
Methods 40 patients with recurrent pterygium were selected in this study and divided into the control group and the observation group.The patients in the control group were treated by microscopic pterygium excision and amniotic membrane transplantation,while those in the observation group were treated both by the measures taken in the control group and limbal autograft transplantation.Then the clinical data of the two groups were collected.
Methods: Test of NIRS (Hitachi ETG-4000) w as applied to 98 patients w ith schizophrenia meeting the diagnose criteria of Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders (DSM-IV) and 99 normal controls.
Transfer Gene Animals
The invention therefore provides a method for isolation and/or purification of an alcohol comprising the steps of (i) catalytically hydrogenating an aldehyde containing stream to produce a first mixture comprising at most 2 % wt of the aldehyde and at least 75% wt of the alcohol based on the weight of the total first mixture, (ii) contacting the first mixture with an acetal formation catalyst under conditions suitable for formation of the acetal and/or an unsaturated ether of the aldehyde and the alcohol to produce a second mixture comprising the acetal and/or the unsaturated ether and the alcohol, and (iii) distilling the second mixture to produce an overhead comprising the alcohol and a first bottoms comprising at least one of the acetal and the unsaturated ether.
FUSION OF MAMMALIAN CELLS INDUCED BY NEWCASTLE DISEASE VIRUS (NDV
In conclusion,dietary XOS,IMO,FOS,MOS and GMOS are beneficial to improve the rumen fermentation of dairy goats,and the GMOS has the best effects on the rumen fermentation in these five functional oligosaccharides.
study on T cell subpopulation of peripheral blood of children with acute leukemia
alpha. antigen proteins, mutants similar to those of the . alpha. antigen protein mentioned above can be used.
Methods]We tested the effects of conjugation media and donor strains on conjugal transfer from Escherichia coli to S. hygroscopicus ATCC29253 and other Streptomycetes
include, but are not limit to anethol, catechole, camphene, carvacol, eugenol, eucalyptol, ferulic acid, farnesol, hinokitiol, tropolone, limonene, menthol, methyl salicylate, thymol, terpineol, verbenone, berberine, ratanhiae extract, caryophellene oxide, citronellic acid, curcumin, nerolidol and geraniol.
Studyon Fishes Parasites Species and Infectione at Wuliangsu Lake
Application of LabVIEW in on-line monitoring and automatic control of fermentation process
to study it requires an inhibitor of its functionality.
Administration: Except the blank control group, all rats were given gluteus injection of 24.5 mg/kg prednisolone acetate, once a week
AIM: To construct the reverse transcriptase recombinant vector pLXSN-HP450. METHODS: The experiment was conducted in the Biochemical Pharmacology Laboratory, Guangxi Medical University between December 2004 and May 2006. The total RNA was isolated from the normal liver tissue Wistar rat. HP450 gene was amplified by reverse transcriptase-polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR) and then cloned into pMD18-T vector
Stability of the amorphous active substance stored in this manner is equivalent to the stability of crystalline atorvastatin calcium.
the second polymer bee an aqueous emulsion polymer is provided
Study on Stimulated Raman Scattering in Gas Medium and Its Application in Laser Wavelength Conversion;
Conclusion These results indicate that SOD and NOS activities maybe connected with the pathogenesis of TMD.
The instant invention provides novel cholesterol absorption inhibitors of Formula I and the pharmaceutically acceptable salts and esters thereof.
Product is expressed as fold change of gene expression according to the formula
Objective To investigate the effects of RhizomaImperatae(RI) and its compound decoction on the model of IgA nephropathy in rats.
Objective To evaluate the clinical effect of minimally invasive transmultifidus approach by the Quadrant system for lumbar degenerative disease.
in addition, for that PLIN4 polymorphism we found significant gene*gender interaction in determining waist-to-hip ratio ( p=0.023) and TAG ( p=0.009
type of heritable ectopia pupil mouse and map of mutation gene
Significance of Imaging Examination of Splenic Circulation in Portal Hypertension
The thermally active component delivers heat or cold for therapeutic purposes.
Methods The protein chip-chemiluminescence 68 cases of cholangiocarcinoma in patients with serum tumor markers CA19-9,CA242,CA125 and CEA were detected.
Mutational spectra in the tk gene of mouse lymphoma cells induced by acrylamide
Results:1.Neutralization test in vitro showed that monoclonal antibody 5B 4 6 had a cross reactive neutralization activity to HSV 1 and HSV 2, the neutralization tiers to HSV 1 was significantly higher than that to HSV 2 and the neutralization titers in the presence of complements (fresh Guinea pig serum) significantly higher than that in the absence of complements.
Study on Effect of Nursing Intervention on Quality of Life and Psychological Condition in Patients with Middle and Advanced Lung Cancer
the novel application disclosed herein comprise an application of protein of sequence 1 in a sequence table in prepare products of inhibiting plant virus replication, an application of a gene encoding for protein of sequence 1 in that sequence table in prepare products of inhibiting plant virus replication
in addition, that musk anti-embolism capsule are also suitable to be taken by patients who suffer from venous thrombosis, and have the obvious curative effect
When the concentration of ursolic acid ranged from 0. 650 to 3. 250 μg/ml,the relationship between ursolic acid concentration and peak area was good(r=0. 999 1).Mean recovery rate of ursolic acid was 99. 20% with RSD value of 0. 30%.
and the silica gel contained about 0.20 moles of methylene blue per gram of support.
Octreotide Directly Labeled with ~（99m）Tc and Preliminary Imaging on Small Cell Lung Cancer
the analytic result show that that spike length of main axis accords the gentic model of additive-dominance, and additive effect is main. its average degree of dominance is 0. 6456, belon to partial dominance.
Conclusion CSWs is in a high risk of syphilis and there is a big difference among various grades of CSWs syphilis preval-ence,CSWs syphilis infection has a relationship with social-demographic and behavioral characteristics.
a variant of the method proposes that before the pilot channel is introduced into the bone, a needle for opening a channel, preferably an 18 gage needle, is advanced through the tissue surrounding the bone.
Objective: To investigate the effects of neurotensin(NT),an endogenous neuropeptide,on presynaptic neurotransmitter release within substantia gelatinosa(SG) of the spinal cord.
1. HPLC-ECD method for determinating propofol concentration in plasma israpid ,simple, accurate and sensitive.
in some embodiments, the otoprotective compositions comprise at least one glutathione peroxidase mimic and at least one otoprotectant selected from the group consisting of a xanthine oxidase inhibitor and a glutathione or glutathione precursor.
subtype 5 antagonist
in that reaction proces, after the generate ethylimine ether hydrochloride and the solvent are separated, the alcoholysis reaction is performed without adjusting the pH of the reaction solution so as to avoid the generation of impurity.
According to an alternative form, the monomers polymerized in order to form the elastomer part of the TPE can be randomly copolymerized with at least one other monomer, so as to form an elastomer block
Differential Expression of Peroxiredoxin 6 in Fetal Rat Testis Following in Utero Exposure to Di(nbutyl) Phthalate
Objective:To observe the effects of individualized exercises on cilical rehabilitation in patients of acute cere-bral stroke.
high resolution X-ray microscopy and its new development
A study was conducted to clarify the seasonal changes in components of tannin and the relationships between the differences in tannin and fruit astringency of cultivars.
study on correlatioo of event-related potential and psychology in healthy people
Catalytic Synthesis of Trimethylolpropane Triacrylate by Tungstophosphoric Acid Supported on Activated Carbon
it is a further object of this invention to provide a method of utilize culture supernatants of strain of L. reuteri effective in reducing that immune burden of these toxins.
Studies on the molecular mechanism of changes of myocardial contractile proteins in the rats fed on grains from KD areas
The Effects of Activation of TrkB on the Chemotherapy Resistance in Neuroblastoma
The duration of operations ranged from 75 mins to 280 mins.
The establishment and evaluation of the chronic biliary obstruction model on SD rats
The cribriform plate and adjacent structures:Correlative anatomic and CT study
in ord to remove invasive plasmids from Shigella flexneri 2a 2457T and Shigella sonnei S7 base on that principle of plasmid incompatibility Ori and inc genes were amplified by PCR from S. flexneri 2a invasive plasmids
This invention is a preparation method of starch-g-PVA amylopectin starch slurry which could increase starch film's mechanic properties. belongs to converted starch slurry technology used in weaving and warp sizing.
the ability of MIG to inhibit eosinophil recruitment into that lung, induce by either eotaxin-2 or IL-13, was evaluated.
Carcinoma of Mooth Floor
Skin contact may not result in irritation or discomfort
Methods According to the order of admission,37 cases of complex tibial plateau fractures(to Schatzker V type VI) were randomly divided into observation group(n=22) and control group(n=15).
Conclusion The smoke tar can regulate up the expression of AHR and CYP1A1 gene at a certain dosage and time. The regulation of the smoke tar for the expression of AHR was earlier than for that of CYP1A1
Objective To observe the pterygium excision combined with limbal stem cell transplantation in treatment of pterygium clinical effects.
By using N14 EIA test kits, anti-HCV was detected in 23 HDPs, whose HBVM was detected as well in November 1990. Anti-HCV was found to be 39.1%, and HBVM 30.4%.
Minor degrees of overlapping should be interpreted with caution, and of course its absence does not prove that the fetus is alive.
the obtain cross-linked polysaccharide may be subject to sulphation of that five hydroxy groups
Study on the association between chronic hepatitis B and HLA-DRB1 allele
Cloning, Sequence Analysis and Prokaryotic Expression of the vRNA3 NS3 Gene in Rice Grassy Stunt Virus Shaxian Isolate
internal drainage failure of nonparasitical gigantic hepatic cyst
Co-culture of rat neural stem cells and mouse Schwann cells
Molecular cloning and sequencing of genome segment RNA3 of Rice grassy stunt virus Shaxian Isolate
The sensitivity of LPA was 71.4%,which was higher than that of CA125(28.6%)(P<0.05).
Novel Predictor for Evaluating Right Ventricular Dysfunction in Patients with Systemic Lupus Erythematosus: Pulmonary Vascular Resistance
study on mechanism of that action of rare earth on dye with acld mordant dyes
Regard the Lemna minor L and Rana limnocharis as the target,researched the toxicity of the Clomazone,and studied the hydrolysis dynamics of Clomazone and its factor.
Phylogenetic analysis showed that the two copies of BmEAAT genes in B. mori duplicated at least before divergence between Lepidoptera and Diptera.
Selection of Beneficial Endophytic Bacteria for Biological Control of Wheat Sharp Eyespot
In addition, implants with angular stability make it easier to reduce the fracture by fixing it to the distal fragment first, before fixation to the more proximal fragment.
Methods The serum levels of enzymes in 66 patients with primary hypothyroidism were reviewed and compared before and after substitutional treatment with thyroid hormone
It further relates to compositions comprising such polypeptides or fragments thereof or the nucleic acid molecules, in particular combinations of such polypeptides or fragments thereof, and the use of such compositions as malaria vaccines.
Conclusion Electroacupuncture based on the role of invigorating the kidney therapy on the serum gonadotropin and sex hormone has a good regulation in anovulatory infertility patients.Electroacupuncture can promote follicle development and ovulation.Electroacupuncture has better effects in the treatment of ovulatory disorder.
FIG. 4 describes OETOT profiles for various concentrations of cellulose acetate butyrate in weight 40 denier (44 decitex) fibers with finish present
Expression and Clinical Significance of Calcitoningene Related Peptide in Pathological Tissue of Congenital Pseudarthrosis of Tibia
Until now, though, such genes have been discovered piecemeal, so no one knows how many there are
implant said device at a selected location within that patient;
the overall reaction of dme to hydro- gen rich gas by that reaction ch3 och3 + 3h2o = 2co2 + 6h2 proceed at reasonable reaction rates and at high product yield and selectivity for the formation of hydrogen and carbon oxide
incubation with calcium phosphate-DNA precipitate; DEAE-Dextran mediate transfection;
The microscopic appearance of this acute cerebral infarction reveals marked edema ( the pale areas
The general distributions of TC and TG were significantly different between two groups(χ2=18. 78,P<0.001).
1.Influence of TGP on Inflammation Models
the role of hepatic sinusoid capillarization dure that formation of portal hypertention in fibrotic rats induce by dimethylnitrosamine
the CH can inhibit that synthesis of HBV DNA in the cell ( P is less than 0.01) and is dose-dependent
Traditional Chinese medicinal composition for treating urolithiasis and hydronephrosis
Results Hyperthemia not only increased the content of TNF-α of C6 rat glioma cell culture medium and tumor tissue,but also decreased glioma invasiveness.
complexes with Diacetylmonooxime o-nitrobenoxyacetylhydrazone L_5 { C_(12)H_(14)N_4O_5 (11), Ni(L_5)_2··DMF (12)}.
Objective To improve the quality of nursing in pediatric ward.
And visible light spectrum spectroscopy is probably the most important kind of spectroscopy spectrum could be
the novel reagent provide for improved selectively in remove impurities from mineral substrates. specifically, this invention provides mixture of alkyl hydroxamate ( hydroxamic acid and/or salts thereof) and neutral nonionic surfactants that preferentially and more effectively activates or adsorbs onto that colored impurities thereby increasing the separation efficiency
Results indicated that heat-treatment parameters had no obvious effect on the microstructure of the PAN-HPCFs. The carbon content of the PAN-HPCF decreased, the nitrogen content increased and the electrical conductivity decreased with oxidation time
Objective In order to study the relationship between occupationally exposed to acrylonitrile(ACN) and aging marker of ACN workers.
The Clinical Effectiveness Researches of Four Kinds of Desensitizing Agents
The hydrophilic substance makes a sugar surface smoother and less porous, effectively eliminating or reducing the roughness between the sugar grains to provide a better printing surface.
allowing plaque bacteria to infect
The relationship of ApoE polymorphism with the serum concentration of ApoE in the coronary heart disease
Results:(1)The expression ratios of P21WAF1 in non-tumorous pancreas tissue and in pancreatic carcinoma had significant difference (Pexpression level were lower in pancreatic carcinoma with metastasis of lymph nodes than that in pancreatic carcinoma without metastasis of lymph nodes(P<0.05).
Conclusions Color and power Doppler ultrasound being used as noninvasive method for detecting and evaluating the vascularity of breast neoplasms has wild applicable prospect in differentiating breast neoplasms.
Evaluate process of continuous inoculation with liquid-core alginate capsules LAB
Construction and Identification of Expression Vector Controlled by Promoter and Enhancer of hMAM and Effects of hMAM on the Cell Proliferation and Invasion of Human Breast Cancer
51 and 0. 44. Conclusion:COPD places a heavy economic burden on their family and the society,and more times of acute attack and lower quality of life can result in much more heavy economic burden.
B7-H4 is an ideal targetfor immunotherapy because its expression is mostly restricted to some tumor tissues. Therefore, the construction of B7-H4 transfected cells, the obtaining of B7-H4 antagonistic monoclonal antibody and investigation of their effects on B7-H4 mediated signal transduction may have significant theoretic and clinical values in tumor, transplant rejection and autoimmune diseases
Abstract:The effect of DNA damage in human lymphocytes induced by yttrium chloride and praseodymium chloride was detected using SCG assay.
An absorbent sheet of cellulosic fibers includes a mixture of hardwood fibers and softwood fibers arranged in a reticulum having:
2.Compared with blank model group, Azathioprine tablets can significanfly raise SOD, MDA and GSH-PX content in serum.
To Explore the Association of AgNOR、DNA Ploid、ER、PR and Axillary Lymph Node in Breast Cancer
Expression and significance of p16 and Rb protein in gastric cancer
The percentage of lung neutrophils increased obviously at 2 h after inoculation,and peaked at 12 h,then dropped to normal level at 48 h.The percentage of lymphocytes in lung homogenate increased obviously at 2 h after inoculation,and peaked at 6 h,then dropped to normal level at 24 h.
The contents of HBsAg detected by ELISA were 7￣12 μg·mL -1 haemolymph
The recommended reference ranges of PT,APTT,TT were appropriate for our laboratory.Then the reference range of FIB was calculated as(1. 7~4.0) g/L by statistical method separately.There was no significant difference between male and female groups on the coagulation indicators.
Conclusion Organizing pneumonia has some characteristics of MSCT imaging;but some still image performance is difficult to be differentiated from other diseases,rely on pathologic diagnosis.
hiv prophylactic treatment is also available for rape victims and for the prevention of vertical transmission.
An"N- terminal truncated fragment"refers to a fragment remaining after removing an amino acid or block of amino acids from the N-terminus.
Health-care food for diabetic patients
Cloning and Mapping of NBS-LRR Type Resistance Gene Analogs in Cotton (Gossypium Barbadense L.)
The ER protein is highly homologous to ER , particularly in the DNA-binding and the ligand binding domains.
number of acquired abnormalities such as scarring and neoplasms can also obstruct menstrual flow
investigation on effect of treatment of auricle pseudocyst with Flat-thin magnet
in that study, Polytirmehtylene terephthalate ( PTT ) is synthesize by means of the transesterification and polycondensation use dimethyl terephthalate ( DMT ) and 1, 3-propanedio ( PDO ) as material.
Based on the masses of various combinations of isotopic element and the calculation of their relative abundance, the mass spectrum of dichlorodiethene-μμ' -dichloro diplatinum complex is assigned and reported.
The other important causes included maternal disease(4/25)、antepartum haemorrhage(3/25) and congenital malformations (2/25
Short term curative effect of ~(131)I with 96 h uptake ratio on Graves' disease
Advances in Studies on the Relationship between Environment and Asthma in Children
Double Spectrum Based Image Analysis of Harmful Algae;
Influence of Di Huang Yin Zi on Relative Cytokine Expression of Brain after Ischemia
No tissue and no biopsy sample is required to apply the marker NNMT in the diagnosis of CRC .
Keywords cryptotanshinone;tanshinones extract of Salvia miltiorrhiza Bge.;pharmacokinetics;LC-MS-MS;
the method may also comprise preparing the second well for a third stimulation treatment concurrently with the pumping of the first stimulation treatment ; and preparing the fourth well for a fourth stimulation treatment concurrently with the pumping of the second stimulation treatment .
in that depiction of Mona Lisa' s head, this skill in surface paint is supported by Leonardo' s knowledge of the skull beneath the skin de rive from his studies in anatomy.
6) a modified site wherein the sequence ctg of nucleotides 2528 to 2530 is modified to a codon encoding methionine.
Sequnece analysis showed that its length was 810 bp and encoded 29.4 Ku protein that consisted of 269 amino acids,The analysis of BLAST software suggested that the target sequence had 93 % homology and amio acid sequence had 92 % homology with DRV 89330 strain and no homology to the avian reoviruses.
study on that relationship between structure and effect of N-nitrophenyl urea compound
Effect of Jieyongkang on Lymphocyte Transformation
Experimental Study on Sperm-mediated Foreign DNA Transfer
ObjectiveA study of female sex hormone levels and the use of immunosuppressive agents in patients with systemic lupus erythematosus(SLE).
Study on mRNA expression of P2X receptor subtypes in detrusor of rat
30 SD rats were taken to establish Wistar-SD rat model of allogenic penetrating keratoplasty.Slit lamp microscope detected the occurrence of corneal rejection,TNF-α and IFN-γ expression was examined by immunohistochemistry to test the effect of preservation.
When equal amount of NaHCO3 was added into the system, both effectivediameter and polydispersity of Poly(St-co-MAA) microspheres are less than thoseof polymer spheres generated with NaCl
Conclusion: SRP with aide of dental microscope can have longer clinical effectiveness and more comfort than SRP alone.
Surgical treatment of gastric cancer in stage T 1/T 2: an reevaluation of the clinical significance of early gastric cancer
Study on the relation between glutathion S-transferase-theta T1 polymorphism and susceptibility of preeclampsia
Methods:24 healthy Wista rats(220~250 g)were randomized into sham operat group(group A,n=8),Ischemia reperfusion group(group B,n=8),ginsenoside and Demethyl preconditioning group(group C,n=8).The rat′s RIRI model was established by ligating the right renal pedicle firstly,followed by blocking the left renal artery for 45 min. The serum MDA and SOD was measured by ELISA method.
Such a preferred embodiment can be realized by providing a matrix phase having a broad molecular weight distribution and comprising at least two propylene polymer components (i) and (ii) with different weight average molecular weights (Mw) and, thus, with different melt flow ratios (MFR2).
The study results indicated that p-MBDMA could be hydrolyzed into anisaldehyde raidly and completely in the acidic mixed solution of methanol,acetonitrile and water.Based on this,a high performance liquid chromatographic(HPLC) method was developed for the determination of p-MBDMA indirectly.
Refering to Rasmussen score,after 6 months excellent and good rate was 81. 3%;after 1 year its rate was 86. 4%.
R2 represents hydrogen, fluorine, chlorine, cyano, (C1-C4)-alkyl, trifluoromethyl, hydroxymethyl, (C1-C4)-alkoxy, trifluoromethoxy, amino or hydroxycarbonyl,
section was stained with hematoxylin and eosin ,
The further investigations into the association of DCE-MRI and DWI with Her-2 and Ki-67 may well be able to differentiate histological type of breast cancer and instruct intraoperative lymph node dissection.
Methods709 persons in Chaohu district were selected as the subjects of sampling survey of china nutritional and health surveillance in 2009,and their BMI,BP,blood glucose and serum lipids were tested and analyzed.
21 cases developed postoperative complication, 20 cases were cured and 1 died of respiratory faulure 5 day after operation.
the study on antimicrobial peptides are actively perform, and to date, about 2,000 antimicrobial peptides have been identified and reported from specie ranging from microorganisms to human
Detections on the Other Microbial Contaminants in the CPV Insecticide for Pine Caterpillar and Studies on the Control Methods
in ord to improve perfusion and contractile state
Diagnosis of Brain Tumor with SPECT & PET
In Vitro Acaricidal Effect of 19 Plant Extracts on Psoroptic Mange
Photos of the coating layer of the final catalyst are taken at randomly selected 30 sites at a magnification of 3000 using an Electron Probe Micro Analyzer (EPMA) to examine the distribution of the Pt-Rh-containing activated alumina particles therein in a similar manner to PREPARATIVE EXAMPLE 1.
Synthesis and biological activity of novel dichloroacetamide compound
the tensile strength of the protamine-precipitated pure fibrinogen was significantly lower ( p < .05 ) than that of the pure fibrinogen ( FIG . 7 ) , presumably because of the presence of protamine in the concentrate .
atopic dermatitis
the vaginal incision is then closed by suture or other tissue closure means , at which time the vaginal splint is inserted into the vagina and affixed to both walls at the cervical cuff .
This randomised, double-blinded, double-dummy clinical trial aimed to compare the efficacy and tolerability of 3g Salofalk?granules once daily (OD) versus 1g Salofalk?granules threetimes daily (TID) for a 8-week treatment of patients with active ulcerative colitis.
05) compared with that in the MI group.Immunofluorescence confirmed that ischemia could induce the distribution changes of Cx43 and resulte in derangement of Cx43 distribution during acute MI,and that pravastatin could reverse the derangement of Cx43 distribution.
Conclusion Microwave radiation and lanthanum chloride adding could significantly improve the yield of azalomycin B.
and more preferably no more than 5 mol percent of dicarboxylic acids other than terephthalic acid, and the same mol percentages of glycols ( diols ) other than ethylene glycol.
Observation on 45 cases of senile osteoporosis treated by calcitonin
Degradation of Polyethylene Film by Fe~(3+)/TiO_2 Photocatalyst
Objective To improve understanding of X-ray and CT findings of lung mass through a retrospective study of CT - guided lung biopsy.
Preparation of Perovskite -Like Compounds La_4BaCu_(5-x-y-) Co_xNi_yO_(13+δ) with Two Kinds of Elements Dopping in the"B"Position
Quantitative Assay of Initial Demineralization at Different Sites on the First Permanent Molars of Children in China
Renoprotective Effect of Fluvastatin on 5/6 Nephrectomized Rats
The changes of the gastric mucosa were observed under microscope after 4, 8, and 12 weeks respectively.The levels of blood IgG, IgA, IgM, CD3+,CD4+, and CD8+, as well as AgNOR positive cells counting were examined.
Using the four algorithms to merge the fluorescence image and transmission image, the conclusions of the quantitative evaluation and the human vision are similar
Operative Treatment of Comminuted Fracture of Pelvis Accompanied by Hemorrhagic Shock and Nerve Injuries
Study on effect of rosiglitazone on cytochrome P450 2C activity using pharmacokinetic method
THE RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN DIABETIC DIAGNOSTIC AGE AND FAMILY HISTORY OF NON-INSULIN-DEPENDENT DIABETES MELLITUS
Conclusions 13 C-UBT as a noninvasive test methods,which is simple,quick,no wound,no radiation,repeated,etc.It can be used as HP diagnosis and evaluation HP curative effect as a preferred way,It can be applied to children,pregnant women and old and frail,but not suitable for upper inspectors.It has good clinical practical value.
Zonisamide treatment improved all main Parkinson disease symptoms in these patients, including tremor and other disabling dyskinesias.
in some embodiment of that invention, the crude triglyceride stream is contacted with a styrenic adsorbent resin to remove protein and a phenolic adsorbent resin to remove sterol glucosides
Peptide fragments of foreign antigens are presented on the surface of the macrophage in combination with major histocompatibility complex (MHC) molecules, in association with helper molecules, such as CD4 and CD8 molecules.
Effect of Dietary Daidzein on Immune Function in Laying Hens
In particular aspects, the cell proliferative disorder comprises a metastatic or non-metastatic cancer.
the following Examples 1 and 2 are illustrative of results expected when coadministering the inventive combinations of CCR2 antagonist and statin .
WE ALSO SOUGHT TO DETERMINE whether we could induce human eggs to divide into early embryos without being fertilized by a sperm or being enucleated and injected with a donor cell.
some point of FDA for evaluation in clinical investigation of antibacterial drugs
The Therapeutic Effect of PTD-ΔhNFATminiDBD Fusion Protein on the Prevention of Acute Rejection on Heterotopic Heart Transplantation in Rats
Preparation and Properties of Acrylate-polyurethane Modified by Nanofillers Via Miniemulsion Polymerization
EP-A-28834 discloses, for example, 1-benzyl-substituted imidazole derivatives, EP-A-253,310 discloses imidazole derivatives having a diarylcarboxylic acid function and EP-A-324,377 discloses imidazole derivatives having a diaryltetrazolyl group and their use as antagonists of angiotensin II receptors
Thus, the compounds of the present invention are primarily concerned with the delivery to the liver of active compounds which are advantageously targetted to the liver.
1 . adenovirus vectors : the genome of an adenovirus can be manipulated such that it encodes and expresses a gene product of interest but is inactivated in terms of its ability to replicate in a normal lytic viral life cycle ( Curiel , Ann N YAcad Sci 886,158-71 ) . suitable adenoviral vectors derived from the adenovirus strain Ad type 5 dl324 or other strains of adenovirus ( e. g . , Ad2 , Ad3 , Ad7 etc . ) are well known to those skilled in the art .
The results showed that the absorption amount of aldehydes, ketones and alcohols decreases in order as judged by the chemical functional groups of the flavor compounds; ester groups also shows a high affinity to LDPE; generally, the absorption amounts to flavor compounds with the same functional group increases as the number of carbon atoms in the flavor compounds increases
Objective:To investigate the expression of connexin 43(Cx43) in human adenocarcinoma of lung and its clinical significance.Methods: One hundred and forty-six human adenocarcinoma of lung tissues were detected by immunohistochemistry for Cx43 expression.
Determination of β-Carotene in Marc of Sea Buckthorn Using Sudan Ⅰ as an Internal Standard of HPLC
The dose of the injection is containing 1mg-1g of methane sulfonate phentolamine. The content of methane sulfonate phentolamine in oral preparation is 10mg-2g, the content of methane sulfonate phentolamine inexternal preparation is 10mg-2g.
Objective To examine the methods of surgical repairs and clinical efficacy in the treatment of the extensor tendon insertion injury.
Robert Murphy of Northwestern University, in Illinois, who is leading one of the clinical trials, says blips of reawakened virus can indeed be seen in patients' blood after a dose of interleukin-7
comprises magnesium, titanium, halogen and an electron donor;and the electron donor is selected from at least one dihydric alcohol ester compound in the following general formula (I).
Methods Rat primary hippocampal neurons were divided into control group,model group,and d1-3-NBP group.
Ki-67 LI of microvascular endothelial cells of those are separately (20±7.1)% and (23±8.3)%, which shows statistic significance (t=2.04, P< 0.05
The levels of Ang-1 in patients with acute cerebral infarction increased on the 7th day and peaked on the 14th day,which were related to infarction size and positive correlation with VEGF content(P<0.05).
The recombinant YAC has been discovered in the transformats by PCR detection
it is also possible to add reactive small molecules to chemically crosslink across unsaturated double bonds as well.
The cause of duodenal descending part disease is complicated, duodenal descending part ulcer(40.6%), descending part tumors(16.9%), descending part cancer(14%), inflammation of descending part(11.6%), descending part diverticulum(4.8%) and descending part hookworm infection et al.
study on that relationship between the structureand antitumor activity of camptothecin analogues
The main reaction products were DMT and EG The yield of DMT in the products ascended with the increase of reaction temperature and the reaction time
The invention relates to a preparation method of amino acid phytosterol ester hydrochloride.
here, that result is that the total peak-peak CMV is at or above the PWM frequency and has a value of 0.63 vdc which is much low than the 1.30 vdc value that occurs when the ppp and nnn state are used.
study on clinical characteristic and treatment of tuberous sclerosis induced epilepsy
7. The recombinant HA antigenic protein of claim 1, wherein the recombinant HA antigenic protein is used in a vaccine against influenza virus infection.
subjecting the intermediate borane ester so formed in (a) to an alkaline oxidative hydrolysis to form the polyolefin 1,3-diol
The Cervical Screening Information System (CSIS) is a computerised central registry for storing all the data related to cervical cancer screening, including demographic data, smear results and follow-up investigations. The CSIS will also support sending reminder letters to women who are due for screening.
the skin impression taken aft operation with dental synthetic rubber impression material show that same skin furrows as those bf normal skin
Study on the inhibitory effect of Pt dopant on nano-TiO_2 on growth of Cyanobacteria
The plasma ET 1, NO, ANP concentrations were assayed at 24 h pre operation and 0 h, 1 h, 5 h, 12 h, 24 h, 48 h after CPB. Results The preoperative plasma ET 1, NO and ANP concentrations in group B were significantly higher than those in group A
After anti-virus therapy and symptomatic treatment,2404 cases (99. 7%) were cured.
Methods of treating AIDS and methods of preventing or treating infection by HIV are also described.
Results There was no significant difference in EEG examination resalts between the two groups 3 weeks after treatment(χ2=0. 11,P>0.05);But there was significant difference in the level of CK-BB between the two groups(χ2=4. 82,P<0.05).
The 60 patients were randomly divided into TGP group (Group A) and nabumetone group (Group B) with 30 patients in each group, there was no statistically significant difference in general information of patients between the two groups(P>0.05).
Park CH,Amare M,Savin MA et al.Growth suppression of human leukemic cells in vitro by asearbic cacid[J].Cancer Res,1980,40:1062.
With this strain, PMLA yield reached 12. 62g/L, which was 2. 97 times than its parent strain. The results showed that the mutant was genetically stable
To study the liver targeting trend of all kinds of norcantharidin chitosan nanoparticles(NCD- NP) in mice in order to discuss the influence of targeting of different parameters of CS
include, among other, that central venous catheter, peripheral venous catheter and the peripherally inserted central catheter
Conclusion Pregnancy could cause the bone mass loss,the recovery after delivery is closely related with the state of the BMD during pregnancy and the breast-feeding time.
EXTRAMEDULLARY HEMATOPOIESIS IN MUCOSA OF MURINE SMALL INTESTINE AFTER IRRADIATION
4% and 15. 3% respectively.There is a significant difference between experimentd group and control group(P<0.
Results: Compared with baseline, diagnostic sensitivity index and cold air spraying sensitive index of experimental group at the eighth week both had statistically significant difference, which indicated that it had an obvious effect of relieving dentine hypersensitivity in experimental group at the eighth week.
X-ray and CT diagnosis of traumatic wet lung (report of 40 cases)
Treatment of diabetes complicated with diabetic nephropathy by pancreas-kidney transplantation:a report of 13 cases
Gene sensitive to normal-tension glaucoma disease, and use thereof
Adsorption Kinetics of C_(12)-2-E_x-C_(12)·2Br at the Water-Air Interface Studied by Maximum Bubble Pressure Technique
Study on clinical nursing of total body recumbent stepper in hemiplegia patients
Results : Compared with control group , under graduate course student nurses’ health education ability to patients in trial group is obviously increased .
Transdermal absorption medicament used for skins and comprising adjuvant-containing methylprednisolone aceponate and adjuvant-containing water
preeclampsia occurs in the late second or third trimesters of pregnancy .
Akathisia and clozapine in schizophrenic patients
redeposition or backstain inhibition during stonewashing process
Efficacy and safety of zoledronic acid injection versus pamidronate for the treatment of metastatic bone cancer
The Analysis of Protein Variation of Wheat Offsprings Irradiated Exogenous DNA from Soybean
Short supply of cellular energy is one of the critical factors for myocardial ischemia-reperfusion injury(MIRI).
FOLLOWING THERAPY FOR DYSBARIC ILLNESS
Two groups of patients were prescribed elevation pillow,avoid high fat food,before the 3H no longer eat,quit alcohol,reduced intake can reduce the lower esophageal sphincter pressure in food,such as chocolate,coffee,tea and so on,and keep a good mood.
Comparison on QRS duration and cardiac function during Multi-site pacing in the right ventricular
Relationship between plasma homocysteine and peripheral neuropathy in type 2 diabetes mellitus
Determination of Total Cholesterol in Food by Enzyme Catalytic Spectrophotometry
Experimental study on chromium induced nephrotoxicity and lipid peroxidation in rats
The incidence of first reports of drowsinessedation for levocetirizine or desloratadine was low(46[0.37%]and 9[0.08%],respectively)and statistically different(p>0.0001).
Immunofluorescence technique, simple agar diffusion test and PEG precipitation were applied to determine the levels of CIC, ANA,C3 and S-Ig in 50 cases of psoriasis.
SYNTHESIS AND ANTIMICROBIAL ACTIVITY OF 7-ACYLAMIDO-3-(1,2,3-TRIAZOL-1-YLMETHYL) CEPHALOSPORINS
The animal experiments and clinical application of ~(123) I-orthoiodohippurate
The activities of urease,catalase,acid phosphatase and invertase of soil were strengthened.In particular,significant difference was observed in acid phosphatase and invertase when compared with the control.
Esters,HCs and APs are the most abundant compounds in the petroleum ether extactable fraction,the total relative content of which is 91. 7%.More HCs,acids,esters,and APs are detected in ethanol extracts,the total relative content is 83. 9%.
In this article we focus on analyzing several chemoresistant biomarkers which may play an important role in implementation of individualized treatment for NSCLC.
Characteristics and range of interictal amygdalo-hippocampus epileptic discharges in medial temporal lobe epilepsy
Granulose theca cell tumor of ovary
Conclusion: Using cutting method can be complete and precise excision of glandular tissue;reduce intraoperative bleeding and postoperative complications,shorten the days of hospitalization,worthy of wide popularization and application of.
hemodynamic in intraocular blood supply arteries in patient with asymmetric diabetic retinopathy
A method to obtain wheat hybrid whose heterosis has been firmed includes such steps as selecting male and female parents with a chromosome multiplication difference of 2N, alternative planting of male and female parents, emasculation of female parent then allogamy with male parent to obtain hybrid, selected single-plant hybrid wheat gathering or mixed gathering, and removal of poor plants.
the amount of combination of that invention to be apply, will depend on various factors such as the compound employe, the subject of the treatment ( plant, soil, post-harvest, seed), the type of treatment ( e. g. spraying, dusting, see dressing), the purpose of the treatment ( prophylactic or therapeutic), the type of fungi to be treated and the application time
The wild-type p53 appears dominant over the mutant gene and will select against proliferation when transfected into cells with the mutant gene.
The laryngeal endoscope 107 is intended to observe the state of a larynx, and may use any well-known laryngeal endoscope.
A Clinical Analysis of B-ultrasonography in Monitoring the Growing-up of Follicles
They have also been isolated from various epithelia of mammals as well as circulating cells such as neutrophils and macrophages.
The physician's own clinical findings and judgment take precedence in the interpretation of laboratory data
The study “Semantic Memory Functional MRI and Cognitive Function after Exercise Intervention in Mild Cognitive Impairment” (Journal of Alzheimer’s Disease, November 2013) was performed to see if exercise would increase memory retrieval in older adults with mild cognitive impairment (associated with early memory loss).
Effect of the MS Coat Desensitizer on Postoperative Dentin Hypersensitivity after the Preparation for Full Crown Restoration
This variable sensitivity of host cells to different strains of rhinovirus has been documented previously (11).
Safety and efficacy of ziprasidone and haloperidol in patients with schizophrenia
cardiac ultrasonic contrast
Methods: The effect of Semen Litchi fulvosus YQ Lee on gastric emptying and intestinal propulsion of mice,as well as the excitability of isolated ileum muscle of guinea pig were determined.
Results A total of 21 case r eports or case series involving 57 patients met the inclusive criteria,of which 10 being in Chinese and 11 in English.
Sudden cardiac death occurred in one patient in group 1 but in 12 patients in group 2. All the remaining deaths(n=17) occurred in group 2. Kaplan-Meier survival analysis showed a significantly lower survival in group 2(P<0.
Acetochlor is widely used as herbicide at present,and is frequently detected in drinking water and food which threats human health.Therefore,by setting different concentrations of low doses of acetochlor,90 d on mouse feeding study to determine the chronic toxicity of acetochlor.
in a preferred embodiment, that bacterial host cell will be contac with anthranilic or benzoic acid or a biologically acceptable salt ( preferably a sodium salt) thereof, in the case of anthranilate and benzoate promoters, respectively
Clinical analysis of 64 patients with intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy
is made from rhizoma paridis ( liliaceae ), herba Catharanthi rosei ( Apocynaceae ), semen Arecae ( Palmaceae ), radix notoginseng ( Araliaceae ), Eupolyphaga Seu Steleophaga ( Trionychidae ), radix Salviae Miltiorrhizae ( Labiatae ), Olibanum ( Burseraceae ), Myrrha ( Burseraceae ), Catechu ( Leguminosae ), radix ginseng ( Araliaceae ), radix astragali ( Leguminosae ), radix Angelicae sinensis, Gecko ( Leguminosae ), endothelium corneum Gigeriae Galli, Aspongopus, and radix aucklandiae. that preparation method comprise processing the raw material, mixing, grinding into fine powders, mix, sieving, and making powder.
To enhance the expression level of the recombinant GL-7-ACA acylase, a fragment of the gene, in which the sequence encoding the signal peptide was deleted by PCR method, was used to construct a recombinant plasmid, pET-ACY, and then the recombinan
[Conclusion] There is high prevalence and low awareness of hypertension in Wenzhou City residents.It is necessary and important to carry out comprehensive intervention for hypertension control and prevention in community,including hypertension health education and its promotion activities.
genetic effect
Evaluation of clinical effect of ultrasonic irrigation combined with K3 nickel-titanium instruments in treatment of chronic periapical periodontitis
Neocaridina denticulate sinenis larvae were collected regularly for histological investigation of the gonadal development characteristics and morphological observation of the first pair of pleopods’changes.
this cluster seem to comprise all strains of Lactobacillus plantarum which have been isolated from human intestinal mucosa .
Expression and characterization of hepatitis C virus NS3 protease domain in insect cells
The design of HDV ribozyme and its inhibition on telomerase activity
hyperthermia and cancer
Biological control of Capsicum bacterial wilt by compound bacterial mixture AR99
Twenty normal children were enrolled as contrast,male 11,female 9,aged 8-12 years old,mean age 10. 10 years old.Each of them was performed CT scan and measured anteversion angle in 2-dimensional CT images.
such composition may comprise isolated oil body associate proteins.
synhesis of sup absorbent water resin and study of that resin absorption dye
Most of the NOF of bone can be diagnosed correctly by radiography and CT.
Objective:To establish a model of isoproterenol-induced ischemic CHF in the rat,and provide a useful animal model for studies on pathogenesis and effective therapy in CHF.
Protective effect on delayed preconditioning of δopiod receptor induced rat heart and its mechanism
it is also within that scope of the present invention to administer estradiol metabolite which have been associated with biodegradable microparticle or nanoparticles with at least one other agent for the treatment of PH.
Methods The blood levels of a NO and LA were measured with fluoropholometry and colorimetry in 48 hemorrhagic shock patients, and other 30 patients for selective surgery served as controls
Statistically analysis showed the significantly difference before and after occlusal reconstruction with fixed prosthesis ( P < 0.01
HPLC determination of clozapine in human plasma
Ki-67 protein expression of colon cance tissues in RC group was lower than that in control group(P<0.05).
Three lesions had thoracic wall or pleural invasion,5 had hilar or mediastinal lymphopathy and 1 had unilateral pleural effusion.
The difference between the refractive index of the resulting graft copolymer (A) and the refractive index of the aromatic vinyl, alkyl methacrylate, or vinylcyanide resin composition (B) is preferably 0.02 or less, more preferably 0.01 or less, and most preferably 0.005 or less.
Therefore, the human serum albumin-siRNA carrier system may allow siRNA for therapy to be efficiently delivered to a target site such as cancer tissues in the living body even by being administrated in a relatively low concentration, which may result in a wide use for therapies of various diseases.
weak epitope dominating system and therapeutic hepatitis B vaccine prepared with it
in term of antigen detection, that biological sample analyzed may be any sample that is suspect of containing an antigen
the obtain product not only can be used as a magnetic target drug carrier material, but also can be used in that biological and the medical fields such as biosensor, immunologic diagnosis, drug delivery and tumor targeting therapy as well as DNA isolation, etc
SOLUBLE INTERCELLULAR ADHESION MOLECULE-1 IN HYPERTRIGLYCERIDEMIA
(h) the continuous nucleotide sequence from the base 72725 to base 70020 of the Sequence No. 1
FIG. 8 shows the relationship of the reaction time and bromate ion concentration to the fluorescence intensity
Results: OHSS could be controlled by intensive care, supplementation of albumin or plasma , volume expansion, and paracentesis.
Study of immune function in children with thalassanemia major after partial splenic embolization
such diseases include atrial fibrillation , supraventricular tachycardia and atrial flutter , congestive heart failure , including sudden death resulting from these conditions via the anti-lipolytic action of the compounds , ischemia , including that due to stable and unstable angina , cardiac transplantation , myocardial infarction . , disorders of the CNS including epilepsy and stroke , emesis , and metabolic disorders , especially hyperlipidemia due to diabetes or obesity via the antilipolytic effect of A , agonists on adipocytes .
The Effect of High Glucose on Expression and Function of eNOS
(1) A method of selecting a yeast having a lactic acid-production efficiency higher than that of the parent strain from a recombinant yeast library prepared by insertion of a transposon into the yeast chromosomal DNA;
Compound polysaccharides coating antistaling agent was prepared by chitosan and konjac gum,and its effect on quality and physiological and biochemical changes of waxberry(Myrica rubra) when co-applied with refrigerated packing.
Vascular rings were incubated with high glucose solution containing 25,50 and 100 mmol/L glucose(high glucose group) or hyperosmotic solution containing 25,50 and 100 mmol/L mannitol(hyperosmotic control group) for 10 min,and blank control group was also established.
Maffucci syndrome
Twenty-four (24), 48 and 72 hours after treatment, 6 mice per sex and group were sacrificed and bone marrow was removed from the femora for examination.
The present invention relates to a Sea-snake Bining sugar-coated tablet and a preparation method for treating arthralgia of cold-dampness blocking collaterals and static blood blocking collaterals.
splenectomy can modify cytokine formation, it is surmise that inflammatory mediators may play an important role in that development of overwhelm postsplenectomy infection ( opsi ).
Conclusion: The excitability and the open probability of L-type Ca2+ channel of cardiac myocyte can be increased by hypoxia
Progression in the pathogenesis and drug treatment of multiple myeloma
Keywords Sacrum;Fractures;Fracture fixation;internal;Peripheral nerves;
A now bryostatin was isolated from Bugula neritina growing in the south China sea by various chromatography. Its structure was elucidated by chemical evidence and spectroscopic data (UV, IR, ESI-MS, 1HNMR, 13CNMR, 2DNMR) and named as bryostatin 19- The new compound showed a significant antineoplastic acitivity against U937 (ED50 = 2. 8 X10-3ug/ml),HL-60 and K562 leukemia cells in vitro.
Treatment According to "Deficiency"," Blood Stasis" for Chronic Kidney Disease
Results: The Twist1/Bcl-2 co-overexpressing could obviously change the expression of multiple miRNAs in HCC,the differences among the data results had significant values(P < 0. 01).
the side effect and its prevention of Intra Radioembolization use Phosphorus-32 labelled glass microsphere for patients with Nonresectable liver cancer
Effects of Injecting 10 Kinds of CpG ODNs on the Resistance of Tilapia (Oreochromis niloticus) against Streptococcus iniae
Improvement of main motor functions of children in two groups after treatments
trace of albumin
They were divided into the observation group( 48 cases) and the control group( 48 cases) according to digital randomly.
An Clinical Study the Prevention and Treatment of Sepsis on Severely Burned Patients with Delayed Fluid Resuscitation
the terms " crosslinkers " and " suitable crosslinkers " as used herein describes molecules that contain two or more hydroxyl-reactive functional groups that form bonds with the hydroxyl groups on the hydroxyl-containing amine and on the cellulosic fibrous substrates.
An abundance of blackness may be a sign of depression or other mood disorders.
nylon which accounts for 34-50% of the total weight of the artificial bone; the hydroxyapatite disperses in the nylon under the dispersed phase with the average length between 60-80nm; the molecular weight of the nylon is between 9000-13000; in addition, the artificial bone is free of organic solvent.
the promote sequence analysis indicates that that promote sequence of the phalaenopsis PhEFP1 gene has multiple promoter elements including floral meristem specific gene LEAFY and AGAMOUS response element, floral development-related MADS type AGL15 response elements and response elements related to light control, hormone signals, disease resistance, stress resistance, physiological rhythm and the like
hereditary bleede disorder caused by deficiency of a coagulation factor.
Methods The anxiety scale(SAS) and the depression scale(SDS) were applied in investigating the occurrence of anxiety and depression in 126 cases with myocardial infarction as well as the related factors;certain intervention measures were made based on the investigation results.
denaturation of proteins is irreversible and therefore proteins , once denatured , can hardly recover their native properties to the initial state .
Methods 38 residents suffering from stroke were treated mainly using the appropriate rehabilitation technology mainly derived from conductive education.The patients were assessed by Functional Activities Questionnaire(FAQ) before and 3 months after intervention.
spontaneous high-metastasis tendency mice lung canc
is not only fit for curing scars of common population and children, but also capable of curing wounds except severe infection.
Effects of Ultrapure-water Dialysis on the Levels of Serum MPO, MDA in Maintenance Hemodialysis Patients
Methods280 cases of HRI mothers were divided into 2 groups randomly - 140 for intervention group, while the rest 140 for comparing group. In the intervention group, further to the standard treatment for HRI, emotion intervention was conducted to mothers in compliance with “Mother Emotion Management Scheme
Chemokine CCL5 is specific for CCR1 RECEPTORS; CCR3 RECEPTORS; and CCR5 RECEPTORS.
ANALYSIS OF BREAKTHROUGH MODEL FOR EXPANDED BED ADSORPTION OF PROTEIN
New Methods to Reconstruct 3-D Blood Vessel Models from Stereoscopic Magnetic Resonance Angiography;
Regarding 25 ℃ as the contrast, maize seeds are soaked with and 0.5 % CaCl2 and coerced at 5 ℃, from that maize seeding are analysed with protein electrophoresis
PCR products from 89 HPV positive cases were genotyped by LiPA, of which 49 cases were single HPV infected concerning 11 different HPV types and the commonest type was HPV-16, occurring in 25(51%) of all single HPV infected cases.
the role of polyamine on polymerase and unwind enzyme in that process of DNA replication of eucaryote
In this case some of the offsets have increased to a point in which one of the stripe features 32A would be overlapped by other features imaged with other color donor elements in region 45 of matrix 20A.
The difference of cerebral venous return disturbance and subdural fluid accumulation among three groups were analyzed.
the present invention relates to a dandelion plant extract for the prevention and treatment of influenza virus infection diseases and the preparation method, as well as the medical application.
The latter was hydrogenated in ethanol with palladium on charcoal ( 10%, dry ) to give , after prep . HPLC chromatography . ( RP18 , acetonitrile / water , 1% trifluoroacetic acid ) 45 mg ( 40% ) of N - ( 4 - ethyl - indan - 2 - yl ) 4 - fluoro - benzamide M + H + measured : 284 retention - time : 5,22 condition : a EX 429: N - ( 4 , 7 - DIIODO - INDAN - 2 - YL ) -4 - FLUORO - BENZAMIDE 3.0 g 4 - fluoro - N - indan - 2 - yl - benzamide were dissolved in 10 ml of trifluormethane sulfonic acid , cooled to 0 C and 2.6 g N - iodosuccinimide added in three portions .
Subsequently homology and phylogenetic analysis based on VP1 and others have published in GenBank were conducted.
PURE CULTURE CHARACTERISTICS OF WENTY-ONE SPECIES OF BASIDIOMYCOTA
an unsaturated liquid carboxylic acid used in the manufacture of acrylic resins.;
Effect of Dressing Nitrogen on Physiological Index and Yield Vegetable of Soyben Variety AC_(10) at Anthesis
This experiment was conducted to investigate the effects of γ-aminobutyric acid(GABA) on growth performance,serum cytokine contents and mRNA expression levels of apoptosis-related gene B-cell lympoma/leukemia-2(Bcl-2) and Fas gene in spleen of chicks under beak trimming stress.
Effects of different proportion mixed Phyllostachys pubescens leaf litter on litter decomposition in P.pubescens forest
Methods:Reviewing the total hysterectomy and subtotal hysterectomy as treatment for benign uterine disease from 1990~2000,the incidence of cervical stump carcinoma was investigated by follow-up.
Long-term deficiency in galectin-1 expression in these cells did not modify cell growth properties but impaired cell adhesion and invasiveness in Boyden chambers, and decreased expression and secretion and activity of matrix metalloproteinase-2.
No significant difference in HDL-C and LDL-C was found among the groups(P > 0. 05).
The application of polymerase chain reaction-single strain conformation polymorphism in the pedigree analysis of familial hypercholerolemia patients
In the solubility experiment it was found that the complexes have hight solubility in ethanol.
FIG . 4 shows two MS3 fragment patterns for each precursor ion .
The results showed good protection of agent ¢ó to Hu191strain of measles virus and SA14-14-2 strain of JE virus.
Survival rates were observed in 10 mice
The mixture was refluxed for 2 h and then stirred at room temperature over night.
1 to 100 percent of active ingredient extraction liquid containing over 0.65 percent of ferulic acid, and 99 to 0 percent of formula medicinal material water extraction dry substance, wherein the active ingredient extraction liquid is obtained by the steps of performing CO2 super-critical extraction and separation on szechuan lovage rhizome, Chinese angelica, safflower and ginseng, and then mixing the product after the CO2 super-critical extraction and separation with water extraction dry substances of the szechuan lovage rhizome, the Chinese angelica, the safflower and the ginseng and borneol.
So total protein content can be determined by multiplying nitrogen by the factor 6.25
The reaction time for PPO should not exceed 8 min,and the Km value,the optimum pH,and the optimum temperature of PPO for substrate catechol was 7. 25 mmol/L,7.5 and 60 ℃,respectively.
The incidence rate was significantly higher in patients with pretreatment HBV DNA over 25 pg/ml than patients with pretreatment HBV DNA lower than that (p=0.0224
Finally the development of active, passive and even therapeutic immunization will hopefully come in the not too distant future
Using in situ hybridization with DIG(digoxigenin)-labeled GAP-43 cDNA probe, changes of GAP-43 mRNA expression inthe medial vestibular nucleus in the labyrintheectomized rats at 5, 12, 20 and 30th dayafter operation were investigated.
Neither group showed serious side-effect,such as numbness of the extremities,peripheral neuritis secondaty with abnormal gastric sensation,disulfiram like reaction.
The Changes of M-receptor on Human Blood Lymphocytes in Patients with Sick Sinus Syndrome
The morbidity of VAP was 46.30
Conclusion:The implementation of behavior management and health education has markedly improved the clinical treatment effect and reduce the occurrence probability of complications,which can significantly increase the rate of return visit of the patients.
in life, sleep disorderand habitual constipation often coexist, sleep disorder can influence that normal creepage of gastrointestinal function, and correspondingly, constipation will influence sleep disorder
Increasing the length of the fatty acid chains or decreasing the number of unsaturated double bonds in the fatty acid chains leads to a decrease in the fluidity of the membrane.
Objective To investigate the effects of resveratrol on the apoptosis of human umbilical vein endothelial cells(HUVECs) induced by hydrogen peroxide(H2O2) in vitro and the possible mechanism.
In a fifth aspect, the present invention provides an assay for screening for potential cervical cancer in a subject comprising:
Inhibition of EGFR phosphorylation can be observed as soon as after 1 week of treatment, while total EGFR level decreases only after 5 weeks of treatment.
The nature and intensity of growth compared with control.
The established method may be used as a routine method for detecting the products of PCR of cyrptococcal neoformans instead of electrophoresis technique
a third method that may be used is to graft a reactive silane molecule to the backbone of the polyethylene.
In another aspect, a food is provided comprising a dietary protein level and a supplemental amount of at least one amino acid sufficient to maintain muscle mass in a senior feline.
These changes are frequently caused by genetic mutations or overexpression of intracellular signaling proteins which can lead to spurious mitogenic signals within the cells.
Conclusion:The exogenous TGF-β1 may affect the conditions of EAE mice by up-regulating the expression of TLR4.
Objectives To survey the situation of infection and drug resistance of A. baumannii in patients of intensive care units(ICU) in order to offer reference for controlling nosocomial infection.
(7) A protein encoded by the polynucleotide according to any one of (1) to (5) above.
Furthermore, a recombinant antibody has been developed, wherein only one substituted antibody portion is a complementarity determining region (that is, "CDR") (British Patent No. GB2188638A and U.S. Pat. No. 5,585,089).
Effects of Magnesium Sulfate on Morphine Demanding During Postoprative Analgesia.
Early clinical observation on Mobi-C disc prosthesis in treatment of cervical spondylosis
In a preferred embodiment, the invention provides a process for preparing 2-{2-amino-3-[hydroxy(phenyl)methyl]phenyl}acetamide, said process comprising (i) providing a mixture of 2-amino-3-benzoylbenzeneacetamide, compound of formula I (i.e. nepafenac), with sodium borohydride and ethanol, (ii) heating the mixture at reflux temperature during 2 hours, (iii) isolating compound (V) from the mixture, (iv) slurrying compound (V) twice in water, and (v) crystallizing compound (V) from ethanol.
sorbitol can be use in a liquid formulation containing any protein or polypeptide as describe above or known in that art
The recombinant protein or peptide can be produced and recovered from the cytoplasm, periplasm or extracellular medium of the host cell.
{0}Antibody screen, Antibody Identification, DAT, Weak D, Crossmatch{1}{2}
target expression of cytosine deaminase Gene by adenovirus mediated transfer in human pancreatic carcinoma cell
The age was from 26 to 72 and the average 40. Conclusions:Both the research group and the control group were given follow-up of two months.
the protective lay contains an oxyhydroxide, and that anchor coat lay contains conductive particles
All potentially infected foci should be appropriately sampled, and the material obtained should be Gram-stained and cultured
Conclusion MDR1 and MRP genes expressed related to intrinsic multidrug resistance in renal cell carcinoma.
The 3T3-L1 cells were induced and differentiated into adipocytes in vitro.Concentrations of TNF-α in the supernatant were detected by ELISA and the mRNA expression levels of leptin, adiponectin and resistin in each group detected by RT-PCR.
The levels of TGF-β1,IL-10 increased significantly,it may be involved in the immune negative adjustment mechanism of Treg cells.
study on that strain and individual polymorphism of chymotrypsin inhibitor in haemolymph of silkworm, Bombyx mori
Objective:To establish a rapid detection method of mycobacterium tuberculosis.
Clinical observation on the therapeutic effect of treating methods of tonifying the Kidney and warming the Lung among the allergic rhinitis cases complicating with asthma
Results On 7、14、21days after cerebral ischemia,the neurological function of the rats between BMSCs transplantation group and BMSCs transplantation+NMYH group had significant recovery,the outcome of BMSCs transplantation+NMYH group surpassed the BMSCs transplantation group’s(P<0.05).
wherein Rf is a C2-C21 linear or branched fluoroalkyl or perfluoroalkyl;
Methods:The clinical data of 14 patients with ovarian torsion diagnosed and treated by laparoscopy from Jan.1994 to Feb.2006 were reviewed retrospectively
SETOTONIN AND 5-HT3 RECEPTOR ANTAGONISTS : the neurotransmitter serotonin was first discovered in 1948 and has subsequently been the subject of substantial scientific research .
the resulting dry fruit was washed by using pure water and wiped off to remove moisture.
The Relationship between Atherosclerotic Renal Artery Stenosis and Local Vascular Geometrical Type
Effects of endocrine therapy on the primary lesions in patients with prostate cancer as evaluated by magnetic resonance imaging
Comparative study on biological characteristics between human primary epidermal stem cells and their subcultured cells
The case where the carbon monoxide-added methane was used for the contact reaction (Example 1) was not only prevented from degradation in catalytic activity but also improved in maximal benzene yield as compared with the case where pure methane was used in the contact reaction (Comparative Example 4).
its preparation method comprise decocting that above herb in water, filtering, concentrating the filtrate, adde alcohol, standing, recovering ethanol, concentrating, drying, pulverizing, adding starch and ethanol for granulating, drying, adding magnesium stearate, tabletting, and coating sugar.
include inorganic compound such as a boron compound, aluminum hydroxide, antimony trioxide and that like, and other halogen compounds include halogen-containing phosphate compounds such as trisphosphate, tris-phosphate, and the like
Different molecular architectures of a surfactant lead to very different properties.A notable case in point is alkyl benzene sulfonates with different attaching positions of benzene sulfonate on the alkyl backbone.
Objective\ To evaluate value of single-level dynamic computed tomography hepatic arteriography (SD-CTHA) in distinguishing blood-rich hepatocellular carcinoma with hepatic metastases.
Effect of irradiation on drying characteristics of rice and wheat.1) Three effects (irradiation dose, drying characteristics, initial moisture content) can affect the microstructure, water activity and calorifics properties of rice and wheat. These effects can change the drying characteristics and surface temperature of rice and wheat significantly
simple detection method, no nee of probe design, low cost and good universality, and can perform melting curve analysis to detect that specificity of amplify reactions.
the optimization of that sperm in two kinds of human abnormal semen by human serum albumin
medicinal composition for treating inflammation and ulcer of stomach and duodenum
The characteristics of this model are: -a hyperglycaemia -an absence of basal hypoinsulinaemia -a glucose intolerance -an absence of insulin resistance > EXPERIMENTAL PROTOCOL 38 male nOSTZ rats were used after selection based on the hyperglycaemia value after fasting for 2 h in order to homogenize the groups.
Patients with Class Ⅱ malocclusion were treated with modified activator combined with theheadgear pull. By using functional and mechanical correction, the preventive and interventional treatment inthe fast-growing phase of children can effectively inhibit the un favorable growth of maxillae, minimizemaxillary prognathism and stimulate the growth of mandibular retrognathism, thereby achieving the normaldevelopment of mandible.
The result of a analysis on the sufu and lobster sauce sold in Tianjin showed that: after microbial fermentation, the content of soluble protein, low peptide and moderate peptide, and α-amino nitrogen, increased by 3-6 times, 3-8 times, and 100 times, respectively.
The present invention also provides for hemodilution as an adjunctive therapy for organ ischemia or infarct, by maintaining adequate delivery of oxygen to the tissues while reducing the number of cells known to exacerbate the effects of ischemia and infarct.
The factors such as catalyst amount, reactant ratio, reaction temperature and reaction time which affect the conversion and selectivity were investigated
Anoxia-preconditioning inhibited cold anoxia/warm reoxygenation injury of endothelial cells
And observe the cervical vertebral hyperosteogeny, size of intervertebral foramen, the correlation between vertebral artery and spondylopathy hyperosteogeny, the alteration in the osseous spinal canal stenosis with 3DCT
Results:Incomparison to ACC,the AAC had higher incidence of coexisting diseases(P<0.001),suppuration(P<0.01),gangrene(P<0.001) and perforation (P<0.05) as well as significantly higher morbidity(P<0.001).
The result showed MMA polymerized with the double bond of TiO_2. A structure of PMMA surrounded nano-TiO2 was concluded as well.
The Study on Hybridization between Populus Deltoides Marsh (Ⅰ-69,Ⅰ-57) and P.Cathayana Rehd, P.Szechuanica Schneid, P.Purdomii Rehd and the Investigation, Preliminary Selection of Hybrid Seedlings
On the assumption that the component electrophoresis factor does not have parametric interaction with its chromatographic behavior in capillary electrochromatography, two new retention factor expressions k~*_CEC=k′-μ_epμ_eo+μ_ep (Ⅰ) and k~**_CEC=k′-μ_ep-μ~0_epμ_eo+μ_ep (Ⅱ) are deduced, and they are complementary to each other
reliable data on youths condom use at last high-risk sex remains unavailable in many countries, due to the political and cultural sensitivities surrounding sexual behaviour in general, and particularly that of adolescents.
Color Doppler Study on Diagnosis in 172 Cases with Vertigo
Observation on the therapeutic effect of gatifloxacin in combination with cefathiamidine on community-acquired pneumonia.
The clinical value of retrograde renal venography on nephritic syndrome
Objective To study the oxidative stress state of mice before and after air simulated diving
our aim was to investigate changes in the population - based incidence of intracerebral haemorrhage according to age and likely aetiology.
20. A system for presenting or displaying a polypeptide, wherein said system comprises:
specific signal, selected from within a range of known nerve signal, were applied to that vagus nerves and / or the sympathetic nerves in guinea pig, to produce selective interruption or reduction in the effects of lung vagal nerve activity leading to attenuation of anaphylaxis- induced bronchoconstriction and / or hypotension
The preparation method comprises the following steps: carrying out chemical reduction of a silver nitrate solution by using sodium alginate as a stabilizing agent and a dispersant and sodium borohydride as a reducing agent to prepare a nanosilver sol, adding sodium alginate into the nanosilver sol, dumping the sodium alginate solution mixed with nanosilver particles into a culture dish to form a film, and crosslinking the sodium alginate film carried with nanosilver ions by using calcium chloride to obtain the calcium alginate dressing carried with the nanosilver ions.
By single factor and orthogonal experiments the results showed that the optimal conditions for ultrasonic wave extraction were 40%ethanol, ratio of material to solution (w:v)1:30, andextracted for 30 min in ultrasonic wave;
Results: The total consistent rate of clinical and CT classification was 59.2%(45/76), however, the consistent rate of mild, mediate and sever classification was 47%(15/32), 77%(20/26) and 56%(10/18) respectively.
A Sequence in the PSA Gene Promoter Which Involved in Androgen Regulation of the Gene
Intracranial hemorrhage in children with idiopathic thrombocytopenia purpura:a study of 20 cases
Study the Deep Fermentation Condition of Cellulase
However,compared with wild type mice,female but not male NR2B transgenic mice exhibited improvement in sociability.
surface sterilize seeds are sown in basal media[50% Murashige-Skoog medium ( MS ) +vitamins supplemen with 0. 8% plant agar as solidifying agent] in that presence of kanamycin ( for transgenic plants ) or in its absence ( for wild-type control plants ).
impression evaluation of nurse intervention in that patients with II-diabetes
it can improve the cell increment apparently but it cost low.so it can be used for the animal cell and the tissue engineering and the in vitro culture of eucaryote cells and the tissue organa.
Ni(0) catalyzed coupling reaction between 4-sodium sulfonate-2.5-dichlorodiphenyl methanone and dichloro-monomer for copolymerization.
TIMP-1 is the specific inhibitor of MMP-9. The decreasing expression of TIMP-1 is related with the increasing invasion of tumor. The overexpression of TIMP-1 is related with the decreasing growth and metastasis of tumor. However, there was another research to indicate that TIMPs also could promote the growth of tumor recently
Determination of Paracetamol in Xiao'er Anfen Huang Namin Granules by HPLC
The autoantibody-positive patients accounted for 74. 57%,who were diagnosed as viral hepatitis and related diseases.
Clinical observation on treatment with Simo Decoction for toxic type bacillary dysentery in children
Anti-CD40 Monoclonal Antibody Induced Formation and Maturation of Dendritic Cells
ANALYSIS OF RESULTS OF THE FIVE INDICATRIXS OF THE HEPATITIS BVIRUS INFECTIVE PATIENTS WITH NEGATIVE HBsAg
Conclusion The remnant stomach after subtotal gastrectomy gastroparesis syndrome in the preoperative outflow tract obstruction,gastrointestinal Billroth Ⅱ anastomosis in patients with a higher prevalence of patients after 6 weeks of non-surgical treatment,most can ease the recovery,thus avoiding the pain of the second surgery.
The invention belongs to the anti-platelet aggregation drug technical field and provides piperazine derivatives containing thieno pyridine with the structure as showed in general formula ( I ) and pharmaceutically acceptable salt thereof,
the expression " immunological disease " means any disease , which is supported by the immunological response system .
The result showed that systolic peak velocity of bottom cerebral arteries in heroin addicts was much higher than that of the normal controlgroup (P< 0.01
Biopsy Guide Rec
A therapeutically effective amount of the solution is that amount that produces a therapeutically significant reduction in one or more symptoms of the disease under treatment, or that produces a statistically significant improvement in a recognized clinical marker of the disease.
the AED contain a set of pads that are apply directly to that patient from the defibrillator.
Expression and activation of TAK1 gene in human rheumatoid arthritis
medicine box bof testing anti-hepatitis C virus antibody
This observation indicates that the population of molecules that was sequenced was heterogeneous, for which the most likely explanation is the presence of unrepaired or partially repaired heteroduplex DNA present in msh2 recombinant spores.
Mutations of Pre-S Gene of Genotype C Hepatitis B Virus in Patients with Hepatocarcinoma
influence of cytochrome C on apoptosis induce by Daunorubi-cine in acute myeloid leukemia ( AML ) cells
The levels of IgG and IgM in students of observation group were lower than those of the control group(P 0. 05).
Serum myocardial enzyme activities (CK, CK-MB, AST, LDH and LDH1) were serially determined in 33 patients who underwent radiofrequency current ablation (RFCA).
The results indicated that,relative to the paddy-raised nursery method,dryland-raised nursery method significantly enhanced seedling qualities(P<0.01) in terms of seedling height,leaf number per seedling plant and dry weight of 100 seedlings,which increased by 6. 6%,22.9% and 27. 8% upon seedling transplanting,respectively.
Furthermore, infection test demonstrated that the central region of PVY\|C HC\|Pro can mediate synergism of PVY\|C/cucumber mosaic cucumovirus (CMV) and PVY\|C/potato X potexvirus (PVX), identifying that it is functional domain in synergism.
STUDIES ON ACUTE HYPOXIC TOLERANCE OF THE HEART--Ⅰ.An Analysis of the Mechanics of the Contraction and Relaxation of the Canine Heart Under Acute Hypoxia
Abstract Three kinds of plant viruses including Tobacco mosaic virus ( TMV), cucumber mosaic virus ( CMV) and northern cereal mosaic virus ( NCMV) were observed under electron microscope by means of megative staining ( includign direct negative staining and immuno-negative staining) and ultrathin section methods, information on morphology, location and transformation of the viruses in plant cells was obtained
The clinical and pathological features of cHL are correlated with the special microenvironment,in which the interaction between H/RS cells and the reactive inflammatory cells is due to the production of a variety of cytokines and chemokines.
Dissociating and transplanting the skin flap of chest and navel to repair large area defect of skin on limb
Effects and Mechanisms of Glycine on Lipoplysaccharide-induced Myocardial Cell Injury in Rat
22045 is used for inhibing the secretion of biological substances such as very low densy lipids(VLDL) into the blood.
To study the early mouse embryos development in a human endometrium cells co-culture system and that in a medium alone in vitro
Study on the Catalytic Synthesis of n-Butyl Acetate by the Solid Superacid SO_4~(2-) /ZrO_2-CeO_2
Methods 110 cases with acute throat-bronchitis were included in the study.
Optimization of Shiraia bambusicola Liquid-State Fermentation for Laccase Production
Objective To analyze the risk factors of arrhythmias and its treatment following cardiac valve replacement undergoing Cardiopulmonary bypass.
in that vaginal tract
substituent which come into consideration here are halogen, C1-8 -alkyl and C1-8 -alkoxy groups, halogenate C1-8 -alkyl and C1-8 -alkoxy groups, di ( C1-8 -alkyl) amino, tri ( C1-4 -alkyl) silyl ( preferably trimethylsilyl) and phenyl, whereby several substituents present can be that same or different
Examples of preservatives include sodium benzoate, sorbic acid and esters of p-hydroxybenzoic acid.
Using methods and so on variance analysis, regression analysis, the exploration corn bamboo shoots high production cultivation pattern, provides the reference for the corn bamboo shoots planter.
Study on the Mechanism of Concentration and Extraction of Garlic SOD with Ultrafiltration Method
Experimental study of nerve bypass transfer
There were 4% (3 examples) of treatment group and 6% (5 examples) of placebo control group in withdrawal of experiment, due to cough, hypotension, vertigo and others. Finally 155 patients who completed the experiment were involved in the result analysis.
Clinical studies of different doses of fluoxetine in the treatment of first-episode depression
Exploration of nasal passage fenestration for fungal maxillary sinusitis
the solvent was distil off under reduce pressure, and that residue was purified by column chromatography on silica gel ( methylene chloride: methanol=100:1) to obtain the title compound ( 79 mg
Because the expressible sequence is only expressed when both Tat and Rev are present, host cells containing the expression constructs of the invention can be infected with HIV and tested to identify compounds which can inhibit HIV infection and/or gene expression.
Such prodrugs can be metabolized in vivo to a compound of the invention.
Sleep deprivation can result in mental disorders
Transcription of Eukaryotic Genes and Complexes Related to Transcription Regulation
inhibitory effect of ligustrazine on acute and chronic pulmonary hypertension in rat
Serious adverse events/adverse drug reactions were defined as following outcomes among adverse events/reactions occurred at any dose of investigational products.
include, but are not limit to, asthma, chronic obstructive pulmonary disorder, angiogenesis, pulmonary fibrosis, emphysema, allergic diseases, inflammation, reperfusion injury, myocardial ischemia, atherosclerosis, hypertension, congestive heart failure, retinopathy, diabetes mellitus, obesity, inflammatory gastrointestinal tract disorder including inflammatory bowel disease, sickle cell disease, and/or autoimmune diseases
the invention pertains to the field of preparing the salt synthetic precursor of a food additive, namely, 2-keto-D-gluconic acid, in particular to a technique for producing the 2-keto-D-gluconic acid by fermentation of gluconate;
a more effective way to increase dose rate than by the xy + model discussed above is to implant clusters of dopant atoms,
include method and compositions for determine that number of individual polynucleotide molecules originating from the same genomic region of the same original sample that have been sequence in a particular sequence analysis configuration or process.
Treatment of Hashimoto's Disease by Siqi Tang: A Clinical Ob- servation of 35 Cases
Reverse micelles technology and its application and research progress on plant protein extraction
Flow cytometry technique was used to detect the expression of surface antigens CD3, CD4, CD8, and DX-5 in the spleen.
Somatostatin enhances antitumor effect of doxorubicin on gallbladder caner cell
The mutation for XA17 is at nucleotide position 1625 of SEQ ID NO: 2.
the present invention concerns a method of treating ovarian or endometrial tumors .
Experiment two: Compared with the natural recovery group, thechanges of low-dose or high-dose of lycopene-treated groups are asfollows: (1) The levels of body weight and liver index were obviouslyreduced(P <0.05 or P <0.01);
Color image color constant method based on retina vision mechanism
Therefore, alterations in these extracellular components of the myocardium may influence LV function and be a marker of progressive changes associated with LV degeneration and ultimately heart failure (Coker, 1998).
Shenqi Compound can improve IR in rats.
Detection of Antiandrogenic Effects of Nonylphenol and Bisphenol A in vitro Reporter Gene-based Assays
Cells are counted in three successives slices at such levels in the hippocampus (CA1) in the left brain hemisphere.
high-throughput peptide synthesis method and device thereof
A prosthetic device may replace a portion of or the entire limb.
The recombinant plasmid pUS-chil was also ’ transformed to B. subtilis strain BS-2, detected by PCR method.Therefore, 5 engineering bacteria strains of B. subtilis with BT chitinase gene were obtained and kept
Several live births have been achieved so far after transplantation of fresh or cryopreserved ovarian tissue.
halogen atoms and C1-4 alkyl, hydroxy, oxo, C1-4 alkoxy- C1-4 alkyl, aryl- C1-4 alkyl, -(CO)OR, C1-4 alkoxy, -(CO)NRR, -CN, -CF3, -NRR, -SR and -SO2NH2 groups;
The invention belongs to a traditional Chinese medicine and relates to a traditional Chinese medicine for treating recurrent aphtha.
It may change present situation in lower level on health management after liver transplantation in China that obey the principle of following up nearby hospital of patients and strengthen the construction and investment on the medicine department of liver transplantation.
it being understood that at least one from among R2, R3 and R4 is other than H and that the aryl, aryloxy or heteroaryl group may be optionally substituted with a halogen atom, ON, OH or a (C1-6) alkyl, perhalo(C1-3) alkyl or (C1-6) alkoxy group
0. Results After the operation,both of the indicators in the two groups were significantly improved than those on the baseline.PPD and CAL in group A were significantly lower than those in group B(P < 0. 05 at the 12th weeks,P < 0. 01 at the 24th weeks).
The methods of the invention can therefore be used to regulate the differentiation of stem cells, and can also be used to stimulate the rate of specific colony formation, providing significant benefits to hematopoietic stem cell transplantation by improving the speed of bone marrow engraftment and recovery of leukocyte and/or platelet production by origin stem cell commitment toward desired engraftable lineages.
05);the length of mandibula(Go-Gn) increased at CS3-CS4 period(P<0.05).The maximum increase of mandibular length appeard at CS3-CS4(4. 8 mm)in males,and at CS1-CS2(5. 2 mm)in females.
DOUBLE PRIMARY CARCINOMAS OF THE ESOPHAGUS AND STOMACH A PATHOLOGICAL STUDY OF 9 CASES
Experimental Zn deficiency in animals has been associated with exaggerated serum LH mad FSH responses to the administration of LHRH with impaired testosterone response (hypergonadotropic hypogonadism).
The result shows that when the producer Selenarctos are fed with ration of 19.1% content of crude protein the ration is the best
[Results] The incidence of Legionall infection was about 34.2%;
the result in comparison to placebo strongly suggest that MPS is absorb
Method:The blood cross matching of 1 200 patients were done by the IH-1000 automatic blood type instrument,and compared with manual polybrene test and anti-human globulin test.
Analysis of the relationship between HLA antigens and renal cell carcinoma
Similarly, We prove that the C-wellposedness of the a-times abstract Cauchy problems is equivalent to mild degenerate a-times integrated C-existence famliy mild generated by operator A where A satisfies with some conditions and degenerate a-times integrated semigroups mild generated by A.
Results: Histopathological examinations revealed testis edema,damage of the mesenchymal phenotype,morphological changes of the contorted seminiferous tubules,absence of stromal cells,spermiocytes and prespermatids,and decreased number of sperm.
study on that 1. 5th ord differential polarographic adsorptive wave of osmium ( Ⅷ ) -N- ( 8-Quinolyl ) -N'-Benoylthio-Urea ( QBTU ) complex
in several example, subjects can be treat by transplanting a therapeutically effective amount of activated T cells that recognize an antigen of inter and by administering a therapeutically effective amount of a PD-1 antagonist
Objective: To study and analyze the influence of patient-controlled epidural analgesia for the body recovery state of puerperants after cesarean section.
Experimental Studies on Protective Effects of Cinnarizine on Neurons Injuried by Excitotoxicity
suitable covalent linker are covalently bonded to that two independently active analgesic compound through one or more lactone, lactam, or sulfonamido linkages.
R1 and R2 each represent a hydrogen atom or an alkyl group;
Advances in Study on Behavioral Psychotherapy for Irritable Bowel Syndrome
Verbal IQ of Children with Congenital Blindness
Some commodity-related diversification activities in Africa have benefited from bilateral programmes of the Lom Conventions (e.g. the system of stabilization of export earnings (STABEX)).
During the treatment of 12 weeks, there were no change of clinical significance found in both life signs and laboratory tests.
Examples of monomers having a plurality of double bonds include ethylene glycol diacrylate , propylene glycol diacrylate , neopentyl glycol diacrylate , hexamethylene glycol diacrylate and bisphenol - A diacrylate , 4,4 ' - bis ( 2 - acryloyloxyethoxy ) diphenylpropane , trimethylolpropane triacrylate , pentaerythritol triacrylate , pentaerythritol tetraacrylate , vinyl acrylate , divinylbenzene , divinyl succinate , diallyl phthalate , triallyl phosphate , triallyl isocyanurate and tris ( 2acryloylethyl ) isocyanurate .
Fig. 3 Coronal reconstructed image of anterior part of abdominal cavity after pneumoperitoeography
As described above , in certain embodiments , combination immunogenic compositions are provided by combining one or more polypeptides of the invention with one or more known S . aureus polysaccharide - protein conjugates .
Objective:To study the best extraction method and provide tool for the fingerprint of Herba Artemisiae Scopariae.
in ord to improve that efficacy of a radio-frequency active electrode needle in the treatment of very large tumoral masses, keep nevertheless the diameter within limited dimensions in order to reduce the traumatic effect, a medicinal instrument was project which
After the serum that contained uremic toxins being treated with the adsorbent, the uric acid and hippuric acid contents in it could be recovered to normal level.
Although the medicaments that by skin absorbs is inferior to profess to convinced or vein inject mixing a large number of giving directly, quickly medicine.
The Expression of CTLA-4/IgG4 Fusion Protein at High Level in CHO Cells
a clinically significant change is identified as potentially having occurred as similar perturbations are detected in each of the convex hulls .
Portal vein stenting combined with transcatheter hepatic arterial chemoembolization in treatment of portal vein tumor thrombus in patients with primary hepatic carcinoma
the carboxyl functionalised polyurethane resins may be produced by, for example, reacting hydroxyl functionalised polyurethanes with acid anhydrides.
As described above, the polymer emulsion particle (B) used in the aqueous organic-inorganic hybrid composition of the present invention can be obtained by polymerizing the hydrolyzable silicon compound (b1) and the secondary and/or tertiary amide group-containing vinyl monomer (b2) (according to need, the additional vinyl monomer (b3) copolymerizable with the vinyl monomer (b2) may also be used) in the presence of water and an emulsifier, and preferably in the presence of a polymerization catalyst
[Objective]The blood examination data of workers exposed to benzene and analogues were analyzed to understand the adverse effect of benzene exposure on hemocytometry.
14. A method of preventing and treating the sequelae of diabetes which comprises administering to a subject in need thereof, an effective amount of a compound of claim 1.
To reveal the chemical species of copper,typically the low-valence speices,in Cu-Zn-Al catalyst prepared by complete liquid-phase method before reduction,the effects of heat-treatment atmosphere,interactions among all components and copper precursor on heat-treatment have been systematically studied during the heat treatment of several different kind of copper precursor in liquid paraffin.
the mobile phase was acetonotrile with 0.1% phosphoric acid and the gradient elution mode was applied in chromatographic separation;
Hemolytic jaundice, toxic hepatitis and damage to kidney may appear.
Influence of panax quinquefolium saponin monomer Rb_3 on hemodynamics and single calcium channel activity in rats
the high rate of maternal mortality, in conjunction with the fact that abortions in the dominican republic are absolutely and under all circumstances illegal, cause very great concern to the committee and draws attention to the implications of the situation for women’s enjoyment of the right to life.
Environmental modulation of gene expression in Yersinia pestis
Co-expression requires that the at least two different viral vectors do not outcompete each other during replication before having expressed substantial amounts of the heterologous sequences they encode.
Study on Fractal Characteristics of DNA Sequence
it is believe that during reflow that methylsuccinic acid and the 2-ethylimidazole react and form a salt, i. e., 2-ethylimidazole methylsuccinate,
The expression of rhIL-10 reached the maximum level of 20 mg/L when the pH was 6. 0,temperature was 28℃,and the inhibitor was used.In the same period,the content of total protein was 50 mg/L in the culture solution,and the proportion of rhIL-10 in the total protein was 40%.
The main pyrolysis stage was found to be 200~450 ℃.Further pyrolysis kinetic studies of the lignins indicated that the thermal degradation of the two lignins can be correlated with a first-order reaction for 200~300 ℃ and a second-order reaction for 300~450 ℃.
Continuous paravertebral blocking device for thoracoscopic surgery
Methods 32 patients with comminuted humeral intercondylar fracture were treated by open reduction and internal fixation with the trans-olecranon osteotomy approach.The therapeutic effects and adverse reactions were observed.
Blood lines 6, 7 and dialyzer 3 form a disposable intended for one-off use, which is inserted into the dialysis apparatus for the dialysis treatment.
CONCLUSION:The lost balance of TXA2/PGI2 is one of the important activating factors for the formation of atherosclerosis plaque.
The invention discloses a blood sample and reagent distribution method comprising the steps of: first, extracting a fixed share of blood sample by virtue of a blood sample extracting needle tube and discharging the extracted blood sample to a mixed chamber; and secondly, enabling a certain share of the blood sample to downwards flow into the mixed chamber along the needle tube wall of the blood sample extracting needle tube from the top of a needle tube port of the blood sample extracting needle tube.
Results All patients were followed up for 3 to 24 months, average(15.0± 4.7) months
Fragmentation in DNA double-strand breaks
The method has simple operation, can be applied to effective separation and purification of the specific IgY.
Clinical effects of transurethral resection of bladder tumor and pastoperative irrigation of bladder:A report of 112 cases
Budesonide and TGF-β Synergize in Augmenting the Expression of Fibronectin by Human Bronchial Epithelial Cells and Fetal Lung Fibroblasts;
In this paper, Ce(NO3) 3·6H2O was used as raw material, and NH3·H2O was used as precipitant, the CeO2 was prepared through hydrothermal synthesis method and CeO2 porous ceramics was prepared by adding starch as pore former
In this study,skin biopsies from both healthy-looking and lesional skin of patients with psoriasis and superficial spreading BCC were collected and the expression of PAR-2 immunoreact
Methods The inhibitory effect of 5F on SGC7901 cells was observed by MTT assay and flow cytometry,and the changes of the expression of Bcl-2 and Bax in SGC7901 cells following 5F exposure were evaluated by Western blot analysis.
This invention discloses a method for preparing auto-corneal epithelia, comprises: (a)performing primary culture of cells of patients' oral mucosa tissue or corneal limbal tissue for 3-15 days;
Clinical analysis of 124 cases of thrombotic phlebitis at high altitude
A method is presented for forming pores within a central area of a semi-conductive or conductive surface.
Treatment with pegylated interferon alfa in accordance with the present invention will continue for a minimum of about two years (about 100-104 weeks) and up to five years, unless there is clinical evidence of disease progression, unacceptable toxicity or the patient requests that the therapy be discontinued.
Then hippocampal tissue slice were preparated by the way of regular paraffin embedding,HE staining and GFAP Immunohistostaining were performanced respectively,and counting the GFAP positive cells and measuring average opticaldensity of the GFAP-positive reaction of each groups by the methods of norphometry.And the ultrastructure of astrocyes in dentate gyrus were observed by the transmission electron microscope.Results The quantity of GFAP-positive cells of fluoride poisoning group has been much more than the control group(P<0.
Rates of cerebral atrophy in autopsy-con-firmed progressive supranuclear palsy
study on determination of aluminium in serum use that ternary micellar solubilization spectrophotometry in the system of aluminium chrome azurols Cetylpyridine Bromide by orthogonal T
Two-component systems, consisting of a histidine (His) protein kinase that senses a signalinput and a response regulator that mediates the output, are involved in various signal transductionpathways in many prokaryotes, fungi, slime molds, and plants.
The correlation between homocysteine,anticardiolipin antibodies and cerebral thrombosis
CpG_ODN as a new immunity adjuvant has large development value and widely clinical application future
in particular to a telmisartan solid dispersion as a specific angiotensin II receptor antagonist and a preparation method thereof
synthesis and biological Activities of C nucleoside
Relationship Study between DIC and Changes of Plasm F1+2, D-D, TM Levels in Severe Multiple Injury Patients
some of problem in inclusion criteria and evaluation indexes of clinical trial in traditional herbs medicine for patients with cerebral infarction
in follow-up to my previou letters to you, date from 29 September 2000 to 30 March 2001 ( A/55/432-S/2000/921; A/55/437-S/2000/930; A/55/450-S/2000/957; A/55/466-S/2000/971; A/55/474-S/2000/984; A/55/490-S/2000/993; A/ES-10/39-S/2000/1015; A/ES-10/40-S/2000/1025; A/ES-10/42-S/2000/1068; A/ES-10/43-S/2000/1078; A/ES/10/44-S/2000/1093; A/ES-10/45-S/2000/1104; A/ES-10/46-S/2000/1107; A/ES-10/47-S/2000/1116; A/ES-10/48-S/2000/1129; A/ES/10/49-S/2000/1154; A/ES-10/50-S/2000/1173; A/ES-10/51-S/2000/1185; A/ES-10/52-S/2000/1206; A/ES-10/53-S/2000/1247; A/ES-10/54-S/2001/7; A/ES-10/55-S/2001/33; A/ES-10/56-S/2001/50; A/ES-10/57-S/2001/101; A/ES-10/58-S/2001/131; A/ES-10/59-S/2001/156; A/ES-10/60-S/2001/175; A/ES-10/61-S/2001/189; A/ES-10/64-S/2001/209; A/ES-10/65-S/2001/226; A/ES-10/66-S/2001/239; A/ES-10/67-S/2001/255; A/ES-10/68-S/2001/284; A/ES-10/69-S/2001/295; and A/ES-10/70-S/2001/304 ), I regret to inform you that 4 more palestinians were killed by Israeli security forces, include 1 martyr who was killed on Friday, 30 March 2001, after our last le
[Methods]Human colon adenocarcinoma cell line(Caco-2 cell) was used as a cell model to investigate the effect of pharmaceutical excipients(hydroxypropyl-β-cyclodextrin, PEG4000, PEG6000)on absorption and transportation in Caco-2 cell model of mangiferin.
Results The levels of hsCRP(14. 3±2.1mg/L vs 9. 1± 3. 0mg/L)and Hcy(18. 6±3.7μmol/L vs 11. 5±3.6μmol/L)in GDM+PIH group were higher than those in GDM group,and all differences were significant.
The various nucleic acid and control sequences described above may be joined together to produce a recombinant expression vector which may include one or more convenient restriction sites to allow for insertion or substitution of the promoter and/or nucleic acid sequence encoding the polypeptide at such sites.
the protein eluent can effectively elute that protein on the dried blood spot on filter paper, can remarkably reduce the interference of other substances in whole blood on immunodetection, and has the characteristic of strong specificity, low cost and good preparation easiness, therefore, the protein eluent has extensive application prospect in newborn disease screening featured by the use of protein as detection marker and of immunodetection techniques
33 cases of the control group,routine nursing care.
Pharmacokinetic Study of Oxaprozin in Rats
Study of Preventive Effects of Erythropoietin to Myocard ac Injury and Expression of Apoptosis Related Gene in Rats Induced by Isoproterenol
Conclusion: EV71/Henan/DC/2010 strain has the nearest genetic relationship with 2008 Beijing epidemicstrain FJ606448,both belong to the C4 subtype.
In group 2, 26 cases received additional pre and post irradiation chemotherapy (5FU 2 5 mg, DDP 150 mg, Pingyingmycin 32 mg).
Extended spectrum β-lactamase(ESBL)(70.9%)and methicillin-resistant staphylococcus(MRS)(58.0%)were the prominent problem of antimicrobial resistance both gram-negative and gram-positive bacteria.
Results Mangiferin inhibited the apoptosis of BMSCs and had a protective effect on BMSCs hypoxic injury,with dose-dependent manner(<0.05).
Objective : To evaluate the clinical significance of α? L? fucosidase ( AFU
An investigation is made on the effect of plasma temperature and pressure on surface chemical composition, physical surface properties and biocompatibility of material.
Cat-scratch disease is another problem. It can come from being licked by infected felines, and can cause lethal damage to the liver, kidney or spleen.
in NMG group, only a 38-aged female patient with polymyositis and hyperthyroidism appear positive
induction of specific antitumor immune response by dendritic cells in that treatment of the transplantable mode of human lung adenocarcinoma A549 cell in nude mice
Sugar bcet provides almost 40%of the world' s sucrose.Although it ls one of the most efficicnt temperate zone crops in terms of carbon assimilation there is still the potential to enhance its qualities by gene manipulation. Studies of the anatomy and physiology of storage organ development and sucrose accumulation provide the basis for a strategy to increase sucrose yields and reduce the environmental impact of crop growth.To facilitate the manipulation of development so as to achieve these ends it has been...
Keywords Intensity Modulated Radiation Therapy; Phantom; Ion Chamber; Film; Dosimetric Verification
The Clinical Value of B Ultrasonic in the Diagnosis of Calculus of Ureter without Ipsilateral Kidney Hydrocele
Next the differentiation pattern of the epidermis of transgenic mice expressing the RhoE gene driven by the Keratin 14 promoter was observed
A total of 103 patients with acute renal failure(ARF) were studied, in which 41 cases(39.9%) were elderly and 62 cases (60.1%) were relative younger.
Expression and its clinical significance of tissue factor pathwsy inhibitor and antithrombin-Ⅲ in patients with hepatic inflammatory diseases
In Han the HDL-C were higher than Uygur,others were lower than Uyger,but only TG and LDL-C were significantly(P<0.
At eighth to tenth month, the staining intensity of the cell bodies and the nerve fibers of NOS positive neuron in the pyloric sphincter were further increased
High potency sugar substitutes include aspartame, cyclamates, saccharin, acesulfame-K, neohesperidin, dihydrochalcone, sucralose, alitame, stevia sweeteners, glycyrrhizin, thaumatin and the like as well as mixtures thereof.
Objective to discuss mental disorder of child epilepsy and the significance of its intervention
if m=1, R2 is hydrogen, C1-C14alkyl, hydroxy-C1-C14alkyl a radical of formula ( 1a ), or a radical of formula ( 1b ),
Analysis of bFGF concentration in corneal midterm preservation solution
the present invention also relate to various uses of that method for determine the state of epidermal differentiation, as well as to pharmaceutical or cosmetic compositions
The resulting solution was adjusted to pH 9.2, by adding about 1.3 ml of acetic acid to the solution, followed by the addition of 50 ml of isopropyl acetate and 50 ml of hexane.
The method screens the culture media which are suitable for the induction and rooting of the micro adventitious buds of the transgenic tuber pinellia, the induction rate of the micro adventitious buds of the transgenic tuber pinellia explant reaches over 90 percent, the rooting rate of the adventitious buds is 90 percent, the transplanting survival rate of a regenerated plant is 90 percent, and the propagation coefficient reaches over 80 percent.
Histologically, perifascicular atrophy of muscle bundles was seen in 30% of patients.
however, that inventor have found a fact that among the flame retardants the aromatic phosphate, which has a low volatility at a temperature of 400. degree. C., show a great dependence of flame retardance on the content of the foregoing remaining monomers and oligomer and thus can be drastically improved in flame retardance when the content of the foregoing remaining monomers and oligomers falls below a predetermined value.
THE MORPHOLOGICAL STUDY OFTHE LUMBAR LYMPH NODES
her discoloration could be an allergic reaction
The aim is attained by using a culture medium for pluripotent stem cells comprising the known ingredients, which is supplemented with an inhibitor of an adenylate cyclase activity.
Molecular pathological studies on the esophageal precancerous lesions: Analysis of P53 mutation
sick build syndrome prevention and control
Determination of glucose, sucrose, maltose and lactose in low-sucrose foods by HPLC-ELSD
Objective:To observe the effect of cimetidine on acute gastric mucosal lesion(AGML) of newborns
such an analysis has to deal with fluid property of blood, that heartbeat, image noise, the contrast agent injection, and other properties that cannot be fix in clinical acquisitions or are patient-specific.
A COMPARATIVE STUDY OF THIN FILM PHOTODEGRADATIVE RATES FOR 35 PESTICIDES
tape for treat operation incision
After centrifugation (7000 rpm, 10 minutes), the supernatant was recovered and the oral cavity stimulating substance were quantitatively determined by the quantitative determination method in Working Example 1
Of the 45 cases undergoing reposition(29. 6%),42 cases were still using the device.
Conclusion:The main factor of RRTI in children patients is iron deficiency of trace elements and the lag of changes in hemoglobin may be associated with immune dysfunction.The effective nursing care can improve physical fitness of the children patients and reduce respiratory tract infection.
The intact OI115 was identified in all of the shiga-toxin producing E. coli O157:H7 isolates, some strains of EAggEC and some strains of atypical E.
Experimental study of atrial electrical remodeling in atrial fibrillation
Keywords Ovary Cystadenoma Cystadenocarcinoma Tomography;X-ray computed;
Methods After 6 hours fasting, 17 patients with IBS (diagnosed by Rome Ⅱ criteria), 8 with diarrhea predominant diarrhea(D IBS) and 9 with constipation predominant IBS(C IBS), were investigated by gastrointestinal manometry (STD Co., Sweden) for recording at least 2 intergrated interdigestive migrating motor complex (MMC) cycles and observing 2 hours of postprandial antro duodenal motility
Antibiotics for preterm prelabor rupture of membranes
isolation of immunoglobulin and lactoferrin from colosrtrum whey by metal chelate interaction chromatography
We are proposing to study these activities by a specific enzymatic assay of each activity.
A history analysis combined with ultrasonograthic images is essen tial to distinguish the mesenteric tumors' sites such as from intestine, colon, ov ary, retroperitoneum and etc, and to differentiate benigh from malignant.
50080 A pharmaceutical composition for the treatment of tinea pedis, bromhidrosis, and pruritus, and its preparation method
that is to say, that metal oxide surface easily adsorb or reacts with such as various organic functional group, metal hydride groups, and metal alkoxy groups
Orally disintegrating tablet compositions comprising combinations of non-opioid and opioid analgesics
Conclusions To strengthen the surveillance of Gram-negative bacilli and drug susceptibility testing is of particular importance to the rational use of antibiotics and the slowdown of the production of drug-resistant strains.
Crossed cerebella diaschsis after focal cerebral ischemia and the interventional effects of ligustrazine
cross-reference to related applications this application claims priority to u.s. provisional patent application no. 60 / 610,799, filed september 17, 2004, titled trivalent metal mediated homogeneous luminescent proximity assay, the disclosure of which is incorporated herein by reference in its entirety and for all purposes.
some pharmaceutically acceptable component can be added to make into medicament with vessel neogenesis suppress effect.
[Objective] To explore the effect of haze particulate matter PM2.5 on apoptosis of human bronchial epithelial cells(16-HBE).
Styrene-maleic Anhydride-butyl Acrylate Infrared Spectra Analysis for Crude Oil Viscosity of Degradation
Research on the serum leves of IL-6 and CRP in overweight and obesity persons
In order to investigate the blood supply of osteo periosteal flap of lateral inferior part of tibia, 40 lower limbs of adult cadavers were observed.
Anatomy and clinical significance on blood supply of the subaxial cervical vertebrae
In a 2009 study led by Agnes Kovacs of the International School for Advanced Studies in Trieste, Italy, 7-month-old babies exposed to two languages from birth were compared with peers raised with one language. In an initial set of trials, the infants were presented with an audio cue and then shown a puppet on one side of a screen. Both infant groups learned to look at that side of the screen in anticipation of the puppet. But in a later set of trials, when the puppet began appearing on the opposite side of the screen, the babies exposed to a bilingual environment quickly learned to switch their anticipatory gaze in the new direction while the other babies did not
Change in hypersplenism after orthotopic liver transplantation
Objective To observe and analyze clinical value of 3. 0T MRI ontrast enhanced coronary magnetic resonance angiography(CE-CMRA) and transthoracic echocardiography(TTE) in the diagnostic patients with coronary artery stenosis,to provide diagnostic basis for further treatment and care.
a need exists for methods and devices for treating individuals suffering from tremor symptoms that do not suffer from the defects known in the art.
The nacre protein N16 is expressed in bacteria by using the method of genetic recombination, and a separation and purification scheme of the nacre protein N16 is established.
Results: Expression of E-cadherin α-catenin β- catenin γ- catenin in all normal mucosa of bladder was normal.
Prior to the TT vaccination i.e. on day 28, there was no statistically significant (P>0.05) difference in the amount of IL-4 produced by TT-stimulated human PBMCs from the TRF and placebo supplemented volunteers (see FIG. 15).
Enucleation efficiency was affected with chromosomes deviated in BAM. But the rate of enucleation could be promoted when oocytes were enuleated in early maturation stage (36-38 h 60.9%;39-41 h,67.8%,41-44 h,64.3%,respectively), significantly higher than in 44-48 h(48.4%).
The Clinical Study on Sinomenine for 100 Patients with Rheumatoid Arthritis
The ionic membranes with a high conductivity of about 18 × 10 -3S. /cm at 26℃ have been prepared by compositing PC-LiClO4with PAN.
The parameters of left ventricular volume derived by ABD in group A were decreased than those in group B( P <0 05).
Antihypertensive treatment prolongs tissue plasminogen activator door-to-treatment time: secondary analysis of the INSTINCT trial
Discussion on the factors related to fetal growth restriction
In s undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention for de-novo saphenous vein graft lesions, drug-eluting stents are the preferred treatment option because they reduce the risk of adverse events compared with bare-metal stents
The Expression of VEGF in Colorectal Neoplasm and Discussion of Its Active Mechanism
Analysis distribution of 728 cases with malignant lymphoma by wannan area of China
The middle pressure chromatography and HPLC could be used as a efficient preparation and analysis method
Preparation and Properties on Silane Cross-Linked Polyethylene Flame-Retarded by ODOPM
The second one is using long acting insulin and short acting insulin to match up the average blood glucose value in six hours after the meal and the low limit to control the blood glucose.
establishment and application of polymerase chain reaction for canine parvovirus
with the benzene, the toluene, the xylene, the benzotrifluoride or the cyclohexane as the solvents,
The author modified the Chinese criteria, and compared the diagnosis of new criteria and old criteria on these 32 patients of herbal drug-induced liver injury.
Effects of Human Recombinant Granulocyte-colony Stimulating Factor on HL-60 Cell
An additional means of stabilization of the particles may be necessary in dispersions or coatings when the amounts of organic groups on the organic black pigment are not sufficient to provide colloidal stability
in particular, that level of proces inhibitors other than MEHQ is. ltoreq. 10 ppm
Study on Preparation of Sucralose by Deacetylation of Sucralose-6-acetate
at least none that inhibit or kill selected lactobacillus strain ls ) or interfere with its anti- cariogenic activity.
The mouse myloma SP2/0 cells expressing HCV C antigen served as target cells. CTL activity was measured by standard 4-h 51 Cr release assays.
The optimal reaction conditions are: catalyst volume 9~11 mL reaction temperature 380~390°C, vacuum degree 90~95 kPa, and GHSV 100~150mL/g·h.
Development of Mutiplex PCR for Simultaneous Detection of Staphycococcus aureus, Streptococcus agalactiae, Streptococcus dysgalactiae and Yeasts in Bovine Mastitis Milk Samples
Objective: To investigate the characteristics of tear osmolarity and tear volumes in office dry eye,and to study their relationship with the symptoms and signs of dry eyes.
Application of DNA in situ Hybridization to Chromosome Analysis in Triticeae[JZ
the agent is transform growth factor beta ( tgf-p ) or other members of that tgf- p superfamily.
synthese of N-Alkyl-4-piperidinones
( - )-Baclofen was more effective in inhibiting field potentials than GABA.
The residual solid was washed twice with diethyl ether .
Methanol transport was analysed by the anode model of micro DMFC and then the micro-DMFC was tested at different operating parameters. By comparing with the conventional structure, both results show that the novel anode structure is more suitable for the application of high methanol concentration because of high resistance to methanol transportation and low methanol crossover
Diagnosis and therapy of necrotic enteritis in guinea-fowls
Gene regulatory network is a continuous and complex dynamic system which is also the overall performance of the intracellular gene interaction.
Objective To discuss the application of PPH and factors of complication and countermeasure
Ischemic stroke can lead to local brain nerve cells die repidly.Because neuronal cells have high degree of specialzation makes it diffcult for syrviving cells to assume their fountions.Most therapeutic strategies are limited to the prevention of the neutonal cells death.Recently study confirmed that adults’ brain can produce nerve stem cells(NSC) which can It bring the hope to treat the ischemic stroke.
Methods Three hundred and seventy-five cases [201 males,mean age (56. 9±12. 4) years] of AF were enrolled for circumferential pulmonary vein (PV) antrum isolation.
Multifunction biopsy needle for puncture of the bone marrow
See, e.g., Kiers et al., Yeast, 14(5):459-469 (1998).
The operation course lasted about 5-30 minutes and 0.5-8 ml umbilical blood was obtained.
survey about the Hemorrhagic Fever With Renal Syndrome (HFRS) infection in an experimental animal-raise centre was conducted in May, 1995
Results The levels of PGE2 in the patients were higher than that in the controls(t=3. 916,P<0.
include cisplatin or oxaliplatin and 5 and fluorouracil unite with of medicament for that treatment of tumor with platinum in a of prepare use. the invention has also disclosed useful pharmaceutical composition in the above-mentioned use
method for preparing diaryl ester carbonate using beta diketone
and has high sensitivity and specificity;
RESULTS The recovery of renal detoxification by the complex sludge prescription,rats can significantly improve blood urea nitrogen and creatinine levels(P
These men included those who had a range of co-morbid conditions associated with ED, such as cardiovascular disease and diabetes mellitus.
Clinical Application Research of Filling Materials after Nasal Endoscopic Surgery
This article reviews current literature and recent findings about the role of apolipoprotein AV in lipid metabolism.
The pig hide gelatin, pig bone gelatin, and fish gelatin of the invention can be purified by treating pig hide, pig bone, Lateolabrax, cod, tuna, a deep-sea fish, or the like with an acid or alkali, followed by extraction in water under heating and subsequent an ion-exchange treatment step
in ord to improve that solubility and bioactivity of danshinone Ⅰ and danshinone Ⅱ A, from Dan Shen ( Salvia miltiorrhiza Bunge), a kind of Chinese medicine, fifteen derivatives from the lead compounds danshinone Ⅰ and danshinone Ⅱ A based on the result of computer assist modeling study, were synthesized by Mannich reaction
A CORRELATED ANALYSIS OF CHILDREN'S RESPIRATORY MORBIDITY WITH THE POLLUTANT ELEMENTS IN THE AIR
A Study on Care Bundle to Prevent Patients with Indwelling Urinary Catheter Associated Urinary Tract Infection
Result:After 12 months' intervention,average insulin sensitive index(ISI) was increased in both intervention groups( P exercise intervention group than in diet group( P =0 011).
The gene at T523C of Adiponectin gene is in genetic balance in 7 duck populations(P>0.05),which will provide an experimental basis on duck molecular genetics.
FIG. 1B shows western blot analysis of lysates from HT29 and from HCT116 of SDS-PAGE resolved proteins reacted with antibodies directed toward the unique N-terminal tail of Fer (1-189 aa) (left panel), or toward the C-terminal end of Fer (right panel);
A cDNA Microarray Study of Apoptosis-related Genes and Assessment of ML-IAP Expression Status in Malignant Melanoma
The US study also found increasing incidence of anticoagulation - associated hemorrhages oer time
This study were conducted to determine the contents of routine nutrients,mineral elements,amino acids (AA)and midium-and long-chain fatty acids of these three insects using or referring the national standard methods.
such as that moisten of tissues,
Singe the small focus with 5% tincture of iodine at early phase, big focus at middle or late phase
The term innate immune activation as used herein refers to the activation of immune cells other than memory B cells and for instance can include the activation of monocytes, neutrophils, macrophages, dendritic cells, NK cells, and/or other immune cells that can respond in an antigen-independent fashion.
Cholesterol was detected in the resulting fractions using the cholesterol oxidase method, and assigned to the various lipoprotein classes on the basis of apolipoprotein elution profiles analyzed by gel electrophoresis and Western blotting as previously described[Yokode, M.et al (1990) Science 250:1273].
Evaluation of the clinical application of GFR-estimating equation in elderly patients
the Saviae Miltiorrhizae radix can be replace by Saviae Miltiorrhizae radix extract, and puerarin is extracted from radix Puerariae in Leguminosae.
Conclusions: low substrate affinity, thermal instability, product inhibition of PK by ATP and optimum pH appear to play major roles in causing defective enzyme function. Another factor for PK deficiency brought ATP decreasing and change the equilibrium between Na~(+) and K~(+) that reduce the deformation of erythrocytes were the causes of chronic haemolytic anaemia
The result showed that the effective and the bacterial eradication rates were 92.1%and 91.4%for cefteram ,83.3% and 85.2%for cefaclor.
Walking function follow up in near future after treatment of senile femoral neck fracture with bony cemented artificial hip replacement
Typically, Mitotracker CMXRos is added at a concentration of 50 nM for the last 15 minutes of the incubation in step (c
Insulin resistance and the polycystic ovary syndrome
The relationship between obesity and other birth defects remains unclear, according to the paper, because limited data is available, though some studies suggest a correlation.
In this way mRNAs are characterised by the length of their amplification products.
This study was done to establish a human lung adenocarcinoma cell line SPC-A1 with the characterization of docetaxel resistance, to investigate its biological mechanism of drug resistance and how to reverse the resistance
specific point mutate p53 mini gene transfectimg effect on biological behaviors of a human canc cell line PG derived from human pulmonary giant carcinoma
since that 1950's, enzyme have played an increasing role in proces corn starch.
Pork Liver and Kidney Congee
finally, this invention is directed to antibodies to said proteins, hybridomas producing said monoclonal antibodies, and diagnostic methods utilizing said antibodies.
Logistic regression analysis indicated that 4 factors including male, minority, singlehood and sleeping in open field were the more significant risk factors and their odds ratio were 1.295, 12.212, 1.430 and 3.085 respectively.
Transgenic Tobacco with αα Mutant Gene Has Higher Tolerance to Heavy Metals
in a typical proces aimed at produce a hydrolysate with a high proportion of tripeptides, whey protein ( WPC 75 ) may be dissolved/suspended in a concentration of 100 grams of protein/liter, in an aqueous medium having a pH of 8.5.
StethoDoppler examination showed that valve insufficiency of great saphenous vein at saphenofemoral junction was in 99 limbs, the insufficiency of small saphenous vein at saphenopopliteal in 5 limbs and incompetent perforating vein in all of the limbs
Glucose cholesterol triglyceride blood sugar insulin
The investigations of AQPs have important guiding effects in clinical practice.
Properties of Binary Ni-Order Relation and Embryo Decomposition of Binary Ni-Order Relation
The assays for bovine immunodeficiency virus (BIV) induced syncytium formation and BIV long terminal repeat (LTR) directed luciferase (Luc) gene expression were applied to screen and evaluate anti AIDS drugs
include means for detect that presence of a specific component in a volatile substance and means for controlling a volatile substance dispenser to dispense the volatile substance only if the volatile substance contain the specific component
Insulin decreases blood glucose levels towards the normal value of 1 g/l by stimulating storage of glucose as glycogen in muscle and liver cells and by inhibiting glycogen breakdown and gluconeogenesis in the liver.
In another aspect, the present invention provides a method of tending a wound by retaining opposing edges of a wound together by adhering one or more wound closures to skin on opposing sides of the wound, each wound closure of the one or more wound closures including a backing, a layer of adhesive on one major surface of the backing, and a wound bridging portion, wherein the wound bridging portion of each wound closure of the one or more wound closures contacts the opposing edges of the wound, and wherein the wound bridging portion of each wound closure of the one or more wound closures in contact with the opposing edges of the wound includes a microporous polypropylene film.
influence of simulate acid rain on that germination rate of soybean seed and growth of the soybean root
An ethylene response factor gene CaJERF1 was isolated from hot pepper using the methods of RT-PCR and RACE.The full length of the cDNA sequence is 1 379 bp,encoding a protein of 375 amino acids,with predicted molecular weight 41. 5 kD.
the structural gene is amplify by high-precision PCR ( for example Pwo system from Roche biochemicals, procedure as state by that manufacturer
From microfine fiber-forming fibers wherein many microfine fibers (B) comprising the non-elastic polymer are substantially homogeneously dispersed in a sea component polymer containing many of the dispersed microfine fibers (A) comprising the elastic polymer, the sea component polymer is extracted and removed by a solvent
A Study on the Determining Method of Mercury in Urine with Reduction- gasification Atomic Absorption Spectrometry
A novel pyrazole derivative bearing azo moiety,1,2-bis(4-(3-(pyridin-2-yl)-1H-pyrazol-5-yl)phenyl)diazene was synthesized by hydroxyl aldehyde condensation of 2-acetylpyridine and nitrobenzene,followed by the epoxidation reaction,base-catalytic cyclization,and reduction reaction.
An effect study on bicyclol treating chronic moderate hepatitis B
The method comprises: (a) providing a population of MUCl-expressing cancer cells; (b) contacting said population of MUC1- expressing cancer cells with a test compound; (c) utilizing an anti-MUCl/ECD antibody to identify polypeptides comprising MUC1/ECD in the MUC1-expressing cancer cells; and (d) determining whether the expression of polypeptides comprising MUC1/ECD is decreased in comparison to controls wherein the test compound was excluded.
Results Hyperlipidemia and fatty liver group had higher liver index,hepatic function,lipids,liver fat(P<0.01),and a significant decrease of SOD activity in liver(P<0.
myocardial contraction
The expressions of bFGF and α-SMA in two groups were examined by immunohistochemistry method,the results were compared.
in a more prefer embodiment at least 95 mole % of that aromatic dicarboxylic acid consists of terephthalic acid, - at least 90 mole % of the aliphatic dicarboxylic acid consist of adipic acid, - at least 90 mole % of the long chain aliphatic diamine consists of hexane diamine, c8-diamine, c9-diamine, c10-diamine and mixtures thereof, and at least 90 mole % of the short chain aliphatic diamine consists of 1
(iv) comparing the amount of fermentation in the container with a control to give an indication of the biocidal activity of the substance.
And furthermore results showed that mtDNA form the mitochondria not only are high purity and good quality, but also high yield through the detecting of the agarose gel electrophoresis, optical density and nuclear specific primer PCR.
METHODS: The expressions of global regulators (agr, sarA and sigB) in biofilm cells of S. epidermidis 1457 with and without erythromycin resistance were detected by SYBR green I real-time RT-PCR.
Dz1556 to converse MRSA (WHO-2) to be antibiotic susceptible: mRNA of blaRl was chosen as a target gene and DNAzyme Dzl556 specific to it was designed and synthesized
the present invention extend to a new drug assay, suitable test kit, and to that assessment of kidney function and the potential to aid in the diagnosis of underlying pathologies where kidney dysfunction is a symptom
The Modification Method and Property of Fe_3O_4 Nanoparticles Treated by Polymer Emulsion
Referring again to FIG. 14, and in one minimally invasive deployment procedure, access to a patient's heart 30 is obtained through incisions in the thorax and pericardium, and the distal end 3102 of tube 3132 is then placed through such incisions at the apex of the heart as described previously herein.
RESULTS:Fusion proteins constructed between GST and CYP2B6 was expressed in Escherichia coli DH5α. Mouse antibodies are raised against the fusion proteins GST-2B6. 2B6pAb was fond to be specific antibody.
Enzyme catalyzed reactions carried out in a fixed volume of substrate/cofactor solution are affected by a number of startup and concentration effects which affect the rate of reaction.
Result: Reach of effective blood concentration was 112 cases( 57.73%),63 cases( 32.47%)was lower than that, and 19 cases( 9.79%) was higher than that.Conclusion: The result is indicated that it is important for epileptic children with AED monotherapy individually to monitor serum drug concentration.
Objective: To assess patency and lumen visibility of coronary artery stents by multi-slice spiral CT(MSCT
Effect of Saussurea Medusa Maxim on Myocardial Enzymes in Swiming Exhaustive Mice
Therefore, it is desirable to obtain high-quality native human antibodies expressed from human B cells for detection, diagnosis, treatment and therapy of pathogens by a high-throughput method
A decrease of pleural fluid-air level of more than 1 to 2 cm is the most common sign to suggesting a bronchopleural fistula in chest radiograph.
The injured kidney animal model induced by monoclonal antibody(MoAb)1-22-3 was used to confirm the effect of Bupleurum chinensis(BC)on proteinuris.Twenty eight female Wistar rats were divided into four groups,three of which were given drugs(BC,Pinellia ternata,Zingiber officinalis)intraperitoneally.Another group was taken as control and given phosphate buffer saline solution(PBS).The results of experiments showed that the proteinuria was suppressed in the group treated by BC.Especially on the third day afte...
the sober-up tea is prepare from that following raw material by weight parts: 1-5 parts of kudzu root extract, 1-5 parts of hovenia dulcis thunb extract, 3-8 part of salvia miltiorrhiza extract, 2-7 parts of chrysanthemum, 3-5 parts of galangal, 3-6 parts of licorice, 0-1 part of L-cysteine and 0-1 part of L-alanine
Significance of Ultrasound Examination in the Diagnosis of Large Vascular Lesions
membranaceus,L. chinense did not obviously effect the Bmax of heart β-adrenoceptor in 15-month-old rats, while in 26-month-old rats,P. ginseng and L. chinense could upregulate the Bmax significantly.
Thapsigargin and IP3 receptor antagonist heparin induced nucleoplasmic Ca 2+ free concentration decrease.
the term " ( meth ) acrylic " or " ( meth ) acrylate ", refers to acrylic and / or methacrylic or to alkyl acrylate and / or alkyl methacrylate.
STUDY ON RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN EFFECT OF PAIRING SINGLE-ASCOSPORE STRINS OF Cordyceps militaris ON FRUTBODY FORMATION AND ASEXUAL CONIDIOGENOUS STRUCTURE
FIG. 4A-FIG. 4B contains graphical representations of data from experiments, the results of which indicate that metformin and doxorubicin act in combination to reduce tumor mass and prolong remission in nude mice.
the luminous intensity thereof is confirmed to form a maximum peak at 474 nm by fluorescence scanning.
Expressed during fetal development, this gene encodes an adhesion protein, named anosmin-1, which is critical for normal migration of both GnRH and olfactory neurons from the olfactory placode to the hypothalamus and olfactory cortex, respectively (Franco, 1991; Soussi-Yanicostas, 1996
Study on the Detection of the Genetic Modified Soybean in Tou-Fu-Ju（Soybean cheese）, Miso（bean paste）and Chou- Tou-Fu（Fetid bean curd）;
This was a review about the development of relative pain factors in pulp and periodontal tissues during orthodontic tooth movement
Result 440 cases were positive mycoplasma among 1080 cases,accounting for 40. 7% of the total.
surgical treatment for single vertebral skip vertebral tuberculosis
concentrating; adding zinc gluconate, ethylurethanm, isomerized lactose, germanium succinate, levamisole, Mel, glucosan, glucose, and sucrose; drying; granulating; making into oral granule;
Application of contrast-enhanced ultrasonography in biliary tract
5 Man-made cellulose fibres are produced by taking a naturally occurring source of cellulose , such as wood pulp , converting it into a spinnable solution and spinning fibres from that solution .
During synthesis of provirus DNA,the reverse transcriptase template switching that causes HIV genetic recombination occurs between two genomic RNAs.
These data indicate that eCP secrete factors that enhance the proliferation of non-neuronal cells such as umbilical cord cells.
RESULTS Fluorescence intensity, fluorescence density of MI group were significant higher than that in sham group andβ B group.
involvement of dietary factor, helicobacter pylori, and host inflammatory cytokine genetic polymorphisms in that etiology of pancreatic carcinoma
Pharmacokinetical Study of 5-fluorouracil Based Sustained Rlease Chemotherapy
LOW SELENIUM AND CARDIOVIRULENT MUTATION OF COXSACKIEVIRUS B_(3/0)
broilers growing up in conditions stimulating high growth rates have a natural sensitivity for hypoxemia and ascites due to a combination of high oxygen demand and the relatively underdeveloped cardio-respiratory systems of these animals.
interleukin-1 receptor antagonist inhibit interleukin-1 beta-induced RANTES production in endometrial stromal cells in women with endometriosis
Otoacoustic Emission in Tinnitus Patients with Normal Hearing
Clinical Studies of Stent-assisted coil Embolization in Treatment of Intracranial Aneurysm
Hypertensive encephalopathy caused by transfusing back of frozen cord blood hematopoietic cells caused in one case
463. To determine what fraction of the downregulated genes are likely to be direct targets of miR-34a, we examined the frequency of the hexamer complementary to the miR-34a seed sequence (ACUGCC) in the 3′ untranslated regions (UTRs) of the downregulated, unchanged, and upregulated transcripts.
Study of 30 cases of ventilator associated pneumonia
social network system may maintain social graph information, which can generally model the relationships among groups of individuals, and may include relationships ranging from casual acquaintances to close familial bonds
Amyloid precursor protein of Alzheimer disease can interact with low density lipoprotein receptor related protein 6
Marek's disease (MD) caused by a herpesvirus is the most common of the neoplastic diseases of chickens. The activities of total superoxide dismutase (T -SOD), Mn-SOD, CuZn-SOD, catalase (CAT) and glutathione peroxi-dase (GSH-Px) and the level of malondialdehyde (MDA) in the serum, blood or tissues of 36 chickens suffering from MD tumors were determined in the paper.
The Effects of Chronic Iodine Excess on Thyroid Function and Structure;
Conclusions:These findings further Verify that immunogenetics play a predominant Pathogenetics role in a subset of PD patients.Individuals carrying MHC-DRB1*09 alleles may be susceptibility gene to PD.This method is more specific,sensitive,simple,rapid and accurate,and could be applied to the routine clinical detective.
comprises a fingerprint pattern testing method mainly featuring the constituent characteristic of astragalus root flavones, astragalus root saponins and pseudo-ginseng root saponins, andor differentiation testing method andor content determination method for Breviscapine, pseudo-ginseng and astragalus root.
And do some experiments to confirm its best concentration of antibacterial action.
tetrahydrofuran ( THF) and methyl ethyl ketone ( MEK) ( both available from Aldrich chemical Co., Milwaukee, Wis.) were use as that solvents
Nor were we able to reaffirm the outcomes of those summits and conferences.
such a tool would be extremely useful in the development of treatments that delay or prevent the onset of alzheimer s disease.
Protein is a preferred optionally additional ingredient that may be added to provide structural and textural benefits in addition to frozen shelf-life extension and coloration.
mental retardation/TH
Determination of Anionic Surfactants in Water by Adsorption Spectrophotometry
topical administration cannot deliver an effective therapeutic level.
To research the sensitivity of different gastric cancer cell lines to chemotherapeutic drugs and evaluate GRP78 expression in order to analyze the relation between them
The human COL18A1 gene contains 41 exons , while mouse COL18A1 gene contains 43 exons , but the NC1 domain is encoded by the last six exons in both organisms .
Results The dissolution of Mosapride Citrate is better than that of original Mosapride Citrate Tablets according to the quality standard.
Adaptation of Photosensitive Neuron Response to Maintained Illumination on Caudal Ganglion and Ascending Pathway in Crayfish
In another embodiment, effects on cancer cell surface marker expression or cell cyle stage are determined.
Study on adsorption of Cr(Ⅵ) by mould hyphaball
influence of simulated acid rain on see germination and seedling physiological characteristics in different colored Cotton varieties
restoring the permselective function of the kidney barrier to proteins limits the decline of glomerular filtration and ultimately prevents the loss of kidney function.
In 7 cases by approach of upper sternum, 4 cases with fracture had improvements of neurological function after operation and 3 cases with metastatic cancer didn't recurred at the operative sites ,1 case is living and 2 cases died from primary disease 6 and 11 months after operation.
Screening of yeast strains for xylitol production on hemicellulose enzymatic hydrolysate
synthesis of some New chromone and pyrimidinones contain 2 phenyl 1, 2, 3 triazole
it is well known that progression through the cell cycle is governed by a series of checkpoint controls, otherwise referred to as restriction points, which are regulated by a family of enzymes known as the cyclin- dependent kinases ( cdks ).
Hypocrita jacobaeae cytoplasmic polyhedrosis virus
Methods 54 cases of regular eyelids wound were treated by medical adhesive and accepted the follow-up of 1 to 6 months.
To produce a suitable preparation of active compound, 1 part by weight of active compound is mixed with the stated amount of solvent, the stated amount of emulsifiers is added and the concentrate is diluted with water to the desired concentration
The antidiarrheal Miao medicine powder is used mainly for treating diarrhea caused by digestive tract bacterial infection, and has high effectively rate.
Based on the analysis of three kinetic parameters,a two-stage pH control strategy,aimed at achieving high concentration,high yield and high productivity of fumaric acid simultaneously,was proposed.pH was controlled at 5. 5 at the first 24 h,and then switched to 4. 5 till the end of the fermentation.
The beneficial effect can be evidenced by delayed onset of clinical symptoms in a susceptible mammal, a reduction in severity of some or all clinical symptoms of the disease, a slower progression of the disease, a reduction in the number of relapses of the disease, a reduction in the number or activity (e.g. cytokine secretion) of pathogenic T cells at the site of pathology or in the circulation, an improvement in the overall health or well-being of the individual, or by other parameters well known in the art that are specific to the particular disease.
Abstract Purpose: To evaluate the surgical treatment of huge staghorn stone.
The binding between these ligands and receptors promotes the adhesion of cells.Polyethyleneglycol (PEG) can resist cell adhesion
Fabrication of ECL glucose sensor based on immobilization glucose oxidase on carbon nanotubes modified electrode
Method 50 cataract patients were divided into 2 groups, 25 patients each group
Comparison Study on the Ability of Forming Artificial Dermis Between Type I and EM Collagen Membranes
Methods TNFα- 850C/T gene sequences were amplified by using polymerase chain reaction(PCR).The PCR products were digested with Hindi and subjected to electrophoresis on agarose gels.The patterns of restriction fragment length polymorphism (RFLP) of TNFα- 850C/T gene were distinguished.Then analysis and comparison among different region were made combined with relevant literatures.
a reference model comprising parameter estimates initially suitable for most patients will be used by the second calculation unit together with the immature blood platelet count of the patient for the calculation of a first individual patient dosage plan.
In order to clone,express and identify myeloid differentiation-2 of Holstein dairy cow,total RNA was isolated from Chinese Holstein dairy cow,RT-PCR was used to amplify MD-2 cDNA.
Differences were significant in the rate of referring,tracking in place,close contact investigation and systematic follow up before and after implementation(P <0.01).
A colorless crystalline dicarboxylic acid, C-(4)H -(4)O -(5), that is formed by oxidation of malic acid in the Krebs cycle and by transamination from aspartic acid. It is important as an intermediate in the metabolism of carbohydrates and a precursor in the synthesis of amino acids.
The purpose of the present study was to examine the gonadotropic control of follicu-lar development in the Diestrus (Day 4) and Proestrus (Day 1) phases of goldenhamsters in organ culture. Explants of ovaries from adult golden hamsters in Diestrus (Day 4) and Proestrus(Day 1)were maintained in plastic dishes containing 80% Earle's synthetic medium, with 20% fetal calf serum and antibiotic. 4 groups of media were prepared: (1) medium(without hormone), (2) medium containing 3.75 μg/ml Porcine Follicle Stimula...
include acrylic particle
Study on application of fluid replacement via nasogastric tube to rescue patients with diabetic non-ketotic hyperosmolar coma
0,1N Hydrochloric acid + 1% SDS
Results Observation group,the 4-year survival rate of 88%,the recurrence rate of the control group,lower than the observation group(P<0.05),and overall survival.
Regenerating islet-derived protein(Reg) is a multi-functional molecule and plays an important role in several physiological and pathological reactions.
Gene targeted primary cells for nuclear transfer shows a higher effectiveness of production transgene animal than pronuclear injection in ruminant, but the primary cells is a challenge to be subjected to the drug selection followed by transfection, especially for transcriptionally silent gene as the targeted gene
Simulation and optimization of the stochastic (Q,r) inventory system based on genetic algorithm
The results showed that,comparing to the contrast,all calcium treatments significantly reduced the water loss rate and rot rate,and significantly increased the fruit firmness and contents of total sugar,total acid and soluble solids of Huanghua pear when stored at 16℃.The Vc contents were significantly higher than the contrast except the treatment with high active Ca and Mg as foliage fertilizer.
Conclusion A human antibody with good stability can be prepared by a combination of camelizing human fragments and ribosome display technology.
There were significant difference for axon number, transection area, longitudinal area and mean A value(P < 0.01 or P < 0.05
Karyotype Analysis of the Eremias przewalskii(Reptilia:Lacertidae) in China
The invention discloses a functional peptide piece of an epididymal protease inhibitor and a multiplex antigenic peptide constructed by the functional peptide piece.
The solvent and antisolvent liquids will be selected so as to be appropriate for the substance.
The graphene/polyaniline composite is synthesized by using an in situ polymerization procedure,and is characterized by XRD and FTIR.The composite is used to modify bare glass carbon electrode by drop-coating method,then dopamine(DA)is determined utilizing the composite film modified electrode via cyclic voltammetry.
Only T_8 positive cells werefound around the piecmeal necrcsis in biopsies of severe patients, the cellsmight be T_8 positive cytotoxic T lymphocytes associated with immunopathogenesis of piecmeal necrosis of CAH-B
the semen Ziziphi Spinosae extract is obtain by extracting with wat, and spray drying
the result of terminal base sequence analysis and restriction enzyme fragment length analysis showed that two ( XSF4 and XSF20) of 13 clone obtained by screening of that IR24 genomic library were in a relative position as shown in FIG. 1
study of electrical heterogeneity of L-type calcium current in that canine ventricular myocyte
Each addition moiety is covalently attached to an epitope protection position of the protease moiety.
All enzyme complexes supplementing groups have improved the thigh muscle ratio of birds, but only group D increased 11.34%, significantly(PO. 05
4. Those with familial history of breast cancer or genital organ cancer accounted for 16.4%;
The invention also provides a method of treating constipation, faecal impaction, faecal retention, intestinal gas and cramping, or flatulence which comprises administering an effective dose of a compressed pharmaceutical composition according to the invention to a mammal in need of such treatment.
oxiranyl methyl
DNA Damage of 3T3 and Lovo Induced by Cerous Nitrate
CLINICAL FEATURES OF CHILDREN WITH MALIGNANT LYMPHOMA A REPORT OF 104 CASES
these measures then continue with curative medical assistance, including consultations, examinations, diagnostic and surgical procedures, hospitalization, obstetric care, treatment - including medicines - and whatever other health care measures are appropriate.
The expression and significance of Fas, Fas ligand in carcinogenesis of gastric mucosa
A slight goad or incentive;a small stimulus.
An antibody that selectively binds to the polypeptide of claim 11
A range of 10-7-10-4 mol/L ICSⅡ presented the inhibitory effects.
Repeated radiographs three weeks later showed increased radio - density inside the lesion .
After affinity chromatography, SDS-PAGE showed only one clear band existed in 125 mmol/L or 250 mmol/L imidizone elution.
Effects of chiropractic combined with abdominal massage for premature infants with feeding intolerance
Compare the success rate of emergency treatment and mortality of two groups.Results In observing group 66 patients were safely transported to hospital,6 dead,success rate of 91. 67%,mortality 8. 33%;in control group,53 cases were successfully saved after admission,15 dead,success rate of 77. 94%,mortality 22. 06%.
[Methods] 16S rRNA gene was sequenced and neighbor-joining phylogenetic tree was constructed to identify strain L11.
Conclusion Candesartan cilexetil combined with amiodarone has good clinical efficacy in treatment of patients with senile hypertension complicated with persistent atrial fibrillation.
In Step 4, the filaments are wash-drawn and in Step 5 the filaments are collected.
After 44hof the fermentation, 10. 7 % (v) ethanol was yielded. Whereas,in normal corn mash the ethanol was 9. 8 % (v)until 52h. Comparing the results of adding acid proteinase and ammonium sulphate in mash,acid proteinasewas proved to be the superior high-effectively ethanol fermentation promoter.
Determination of organic acid in human urine by HPLC
Partial Deletions in the AZFc Region of the Y Chromosome Are Associated with Male Infertility
the Studies on that embryology of Nitraria subirica pall. 1. the development of microspore and Male-gametophyte
This experiment used sheepbone as the raw material, and assessed antihypertensive peptide to select the best enzyme from the seven kinds enzymes and select the best enzymatic hydrolysis condition
kinetic study on cell fuse Micoalgae Tetraselmis sp. -1 in mixotrophic cultivation
sugarcane yellow leaf virus by RT-PCR
Obtained:XOS can improve calcium absorption and reduce fecal calcium excretion in rats.And the effect of XOS in low calcium diet is huger than in normal calcium diet.
Further sequence alignment analysis showed that the 180 bp was identical to the RB border of pCNFIRnos but with a 62 bp deletion.The left border flanking sequence is 641 bp including a 365 bp genome sequence and a 276 bp vector sequence.
Conclusion Three to six-month old patients who are in poor nourishment, and operated in summer get fever easily in the operational morning
Diagnosis and treatmen of renal angiomyolipoma (report of 82 cases)
the suckling piglet growth promotion milk has the function of promoting the growth of the suckling piglets, does not contain antibiotics and have medicine residue, cannot produce medicine resistance,
SYNTHESIS AND BIOACTIVITY OF 5-CHLORO-IMINO-2- SULFONICETHYL SALICYLICLALDEHYDE SCHIFF BASE
Effects and Mechanism of the Inhibition of H22 Hepatocarcinoma Cell Growth by Cartilage Polysaccharide;
Methods The patients undergoing selective single side crura foot ankle surgery under popliteal sciatic nerve blockade by peripheral nerve stimulator were enrolled in this study.
Clinical analysis of cesarean scar pregnancy in 7 patients
Epoxidized soybean oil/phenolic crosslinking resin(ESO-C-PR) with good toughness and thermal stability was synthesized by chain extension with aromatic multiamine
1, which is obtained by removing 37 residues of the secretory signal peptide from the amino acid sequence of the natural bilirubin oxidase.
after removing the biopsy device 200 from the biopsy site
The results indicated that when the dosage of adsorbent increased from 0. 02g to 0. 2g, the adsorption of Cr(VI) decreased from27999.493μg/g to 8930. 610μg/g.The adsorption of Cr(VI) by adsorbent exsited in the effect of solids concentration obviously.
The positive rate of PCR was 1. 99%,0.32% and 0. 23% respectively in the three different method,and the highest one was obtained when dropping DNA on stigma.
significance of transbronchial needle aspiration ( TBNA ) in diagnose paratracheal mediastinal lesions
The analytical internal standard (including degradation standard) may be a synthetic peptide which incorporates one or more 13C and/or 15N labeled amino acids
The xerostomia and its influence on quality of life of the nasopharyngeal carcinoma patients after radiotherapy
Conclusion Psychological,diet,basic care and a full range of professional care were provided for providers from the beginning to the end of the collection was a prerequisite for success,and was the key to success in transplantation of a peripheral blood stem cell.
Intervention: Surgical repair of a distal humerus fracture with or without ulnar nerve transposition
Evaluation of cognitive function of vascular dementia patients with Brief Screening Scale for Dementia and P300 determination
D1 generation was obtained from seed sprout of the mutant plant Jz96027,and analyzed the chromosome karyotype of its top stem and the receptorr (parent).
Objective:To inquire into the diagnosis standard of the children hypertension and provide scientifically evidence for prevention children hypertension.
Method: 178 patients with endometriosis were divided into 4 groups according to the extent of disease(stage based on RAFS method,and they were divided into stage I group,stage II group,stage III group and stage IV group).All of the patients were treated with laparoscopic operation,and the tubal morphology and fallopian tube patency were observed during the operation.
At different leaf water potentials, the photosynthetic rates and chlorophyll fluorscence parameter of Nitraria tangutorum distributing in Ulan Buh desert were measured with LI-COR 6400 Portable photosynthesis system
The incidence of hypoglycemia was not statistically different between the two groups(P>0.05).But the hypoglycemia of ispro mix 50/50 happened more in the daytime,and the hypoglycemia of aspart Mix 30/70 happened more in the night.
Suppression Subtractive Hybridization and It’s Application
Dopamine D3 antagonist PG 1037 can markedly antagonize the schizophrenia-like mice’s stereotypy behavior of C57BL/6 and ICR strains and reduce the hyperlocomotion activity of the schizophrenia-like mice of ICR strain
The total red blood cell loss,visible red blood cell loss and hidden red blood cell loss of the two groups were measured and the comparative analysis was conducted.
These suspension solution were divided into 25, 50, 100, 200 and 250 .m u.l batches, then mixed with pre-S2 antigens of the critical concentration which an bind antibody (H69k) and reacted for 2 hours at room temperature.
Disclosed is a water corrugate adhesive tape and production method comprising the steps of slurry disintegrating and grinding, charging wet strength agent and maize starch dextrinization solution, passing through mesh screen, carrying out creping treatment and dry shaping, coating impermeable material, drying and withdrawing paper, applying silicon oil and tempering glue.
Expression of TGFβ_1 in pericytes of angiogenesis in breast cancer
Morphological changes of apoptotic cells were observed after treatment with sodium glycididazole and celecoxib + concurrent chemoradiotherapy.Conclusion:Sodium glycididazole and celecoxib,especially combined with concurrent chemoradiotherapy,can significantly inhibit the proliferation of cervical cancer Siha cells.
A maleic acid, fumaric acid or maleic anhydride functionalized material is useful for bonding CD to the polyolefin.
Study on the Enzyme Unhairing of Cattle Hide at Low Temperature
HYPERURICEMIA AFTER RENAL TRANSPLANTATION(REPORT OF 28 CASES)
After a cold, many patients complain of persistent catarrh
In particular, the tissue extender 700 may be expanded to retract soft tissue and provide access to the subcutaneous screw both percutaneously via the distal end 704 and subcutaneously via the side openings 714 and 716
Conclusions Most renal oncocytomas show certain imaging characteristics,which are helpful for the differential diagnosis of renal tumors.
Epidemiology investigate and analysis of children coxsackie B virus infection in Changchun
This invention exposed a kind of detection method of a invasive streptococcus mutant which can lead to necrotizing fasciitis.
holding elements 200 can be removed after stabilization device 12 is anchored to the spinal column,
The main ingredients of wheat-germ oil are such unsaturated fatty acids as linoleic acid, oleic acid and linolenic acid etc, occupying 80% of total amount, in which, the essential fatty acid ? linoleic acid has content as high as 50%.
sustained-release micro-pellet feed enzyme
Because blood flow amount inside the myocardium is small compared with the inside of the left and right ventricles, the blood signal intensity inside the myocardium is relatively small as shown in FIG. 15 (B).
Significance of impedance monitoring of radiofrequency catheter ablation of accessory pathways
Part of the arterioles and metarteriol had the expanded lumen, filled with the formed elements.
Every tumor begins with just one errant cell that has been unlucky enough to suffer at least two, but sometimes several, genetic mutations
It is also reported that M-SWNTs and S-SWNTs wrapped with DNA have been separated by anion exchange chromatography or centrifugation [Science 2003, 302, 1545; Nano Lett. 2004, 4, 543].
Method for acquiring animal permanent transgenes through spermatogonial stem cells (SSCs), recombinant plasmid and germ cells of permanent transgenes
BMD at lumbar spine (L2~4), femoral neck, Ward's triangle and trochanter were measured by dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry (DEXA).
Resonance Raman Spectroscopic Study of Cytochrome c Mutants
Results After the treatment,the urinal mALB,serum CysC and the levels of CRP and IL-18 in the treatment group decreased significantly.In the treatment group,there were significant differences between the above indexes before and after the treatment,and those indexes were also lower than those in the control group after the treatment(P<0.05).
Comparison of high-risk behaviors among middle-aged and elderly HIV/AIDS patients before and after diagnosis and the impact factors
Results The escharectomy and skin grafting in shock stage reduced infection rate and the healing time
OL subjects had higher rates of severe persistent asthma compared with randomized subjects
Objective To determine the significance of glycosylated hemoglobin A1c(HbA1c) in diagnosing gestational diabetes mellitus(GDM).
Catalytic Synthesis of Ethyl Nipagin Ester by Chitosan Sulfate
Methods: Through Hotle, observations were made on QT interval dynamicity and ventricular premature beats of the 60 patients before and after the treatment with Ciwujia Injection.
Results Six biofilm formation related proteins were successfully expressed.The expression of VPA1405 was positively regulated by OpaR,which was consistent with the results of phenotype experiments.
The results show that: the functional groups in coal are the function of coal rank, and the yields of CO 2, H 2O and CO are related to the content of carboxyl, hydroxyl and other oxygen containing groups such as ether groups in coal, and Tar and CH 4 are related to the aliphatic CH, the char yields to the aromatic CH
antibody glycosylation variants having increased antibody-dependent cellular cytotoxicity
[Objective] To investigate the role and effectiveness of a new generation Spectral-domain optical coherence tomography(SD-OCT) examination before cataract surgery.
Clinical and neuroimaging characters in Wallenberg syndrome
3. Expression of the panB gene and of the panC gene
Relationship between biological quality and nutrition of rice and damage of Chilo suppressalis
however, information about constitutive promoter for broad root specific expression has been less available.
the present invention relate to 2- ( amino or substituted amino) -5, 6-substituted phenol compound according to that formula ( I), as defined herein and compositions for the oxidative dye of keratin fibres
Under the experimental conditions, acute injury elicits AC signals with significantly higher amplitude and frequency than those detected around chronic wounds.
some of that co-product such as the oil, protein, fiber and gluten meal can be separate prior to the sugar syrup purification or ethanol fermentation steps
it has proven advantageous to react 1 mol of component A ) and/or component B ) and/or additional polymers--based on Mn--with from 0.5 to 15 mol, preferably from 1 to 10 mol, in particular from 2 to 8 mol of that unsaturate compound ( component C ).
Effects of Nitrogen Fertilizer Applications on Photosynthetic Characteristics,Yield and Quality of Dual-Purpose Peanut
A Review of the Reseach on the Relation Between Culture and Personality
Experimental and clinical studies on the effect of guggulu （Commiphora mukul） in hyperlipemia and thrombosis.
A Stuty of Mental Health of Acute Myocardial Infarct Patients and the Related Psycholocial Factors
Objective To improve an animal model of shigellosis in guinea pigs through the intra-rectal route.
Moreover,when Cu(Ⅱ) was present PIR could more significantly quench the fluorescence of BSA.The binding constants(K) and the binding sites(n) were calculated after analyzing fluorescence quenching data with a double-reciprocal equation.K and n between PIR and BSA were 3. 18×103L/mol and 0. 75 respectively in the PIR-BSA complex,while that between Cu(Ⅱ) and BSA were 1. 13×103 L/mol and 0. 74 respectively in the binary complex of copper(Ⅱ) and BSA.
among which a serum sample is involved .
The results show that UV-curing surface coating adhesive has excellent properties when content of 1-73 photoinitiator is between 2.0% and 4.0% , crossinking diluents 35-45% , resin 45-55% .
benzal indone and benzyl indone derivative(s), and its preparing method and use
hybridoma and monoclonal antibodies can be produce against human IL-5 from any source, e. g., from commercial or natural sources or through that application of chemical synthetic methods or recombinant DNA technology
the study was performed in 120 patients.
Tera-2 cells infected with the indicated miRNA expressing lentivirus were collected by flow cytometry four days after infection.
basal reproductive hormones; FSH; inhibin B; age; AID
α_1 Adrenoceptor subtypes activates Ca~(2+) movement through stimulating a tyrosine protein kinase pathway in HEK293 cells
Methods The clinical and pathomorphological characteristics in 15 of IP were analysized.
The present inventors have found that chondroadherin inhibits the binding of cells to the integrin alpha2 ;1 receptor on chondrocytes , strongly indicating that chondroadherin binds to chondrocytes via the integrin alpha2 ;1 receptor .
Preventive and/or therapeutic medicine for rheumatoid arthritis
Study on Tribological Properties of BMI Filled by Sillimanite
Objective To know the effect of the nickel(Ni) in ambient PM2. 5 on endothelial cell’s function. Methods The ambient PM2
Methods Sixty-five female Wistar rats(clean grade) were randomly divided,depending on weight,into normal control group(normal),wound only group(MW) and wound plus 5 Gy whole body γ-radiation group(RW).
Conclusion The incidence rate of phlebitis in the control group who received Kabiven PI with peripheral vein was 58. 7%, to decrease the complication of IV therapy, we should choose the central vein rather than the peripheral vein.
The post-operative pain relief rate was 89. 28%(25/28) in LPN group and 61. 29%(19/31) in the control group(P=0. 030).Conclusion LPN can effectively and safely in treating endometriosis and its associated pain.
Methods 97 cases of the distal third lower tibiofibular fractures were reduced and fixed the fibula fracture anatomically with plate,reduced the tibia fracture indirectly,fixed up the tibia fracture by using intramedullary nail.
1, 3-disubstituted imidazolidin-2-one derivatives as inhibitors of CYP 17
If the press’s Gilded Age aggressiveness had been born of a desire to weaken the ruling class, now the press-or the agenda-setting part of the press, anyhow-belonged to that ruling class
Changes in platelet parameters and their influencing factors for patients with severe burn
50% the cases had asthmatic syndrome, 16.4% heart failure, 13.6% encephalopathy and 92.51% acid-base disturbances, mostly respiratory acidosis.
Reconstruction of half-cut tongue with facial artery flaps after neoplasm ablation
Conclusion Intrasinusal pyelolithotomy combined with ureteroscopic pneumatic lithotripsy can effectively treat complex renal calculi and minimize renal injury.
During the period of clinical teaching, first, students find problems in clinical practice, then, search for the evidence with the teachers' help and evaluate evidence, again, apply the evidence to clinic and solve the problem, last, evaluate the effect
Synergistic antioxidation properties of organic molybdate ester with dibutyldithiocarbamate
The Study of Transplantation of Human Fetal Ovary in Nude-Mice
3.The suitable frozen medium for BMEC is DMEM/F12 added 10% DMSO and 30%FCS. The temperature should be dropped from 4℃ to -25℃ at the rate of -1℃/min,30minutes later, put the cells into liquefied nitrogen for long term preservation.
Changes of endogenous gibberellins (GA4 + 7), cytokinin (ZRs), auxin(IAA) levels and fruit growth pattern were studied during fruit development of longan (Dimocarpus longan Lour. cv. Chuliang), and the relationships between endogenous hormones and fruit development were discussed. The results showed that the ZRs contents in skin and seed were high in the early stage of fruit development and low in the late stage; the IAA content was very low before 29 days after fu
show remarkable curative effect on kidney diseases through that clinical experiment of the medicine prepare by capparis spinosa, in which no side effects as bone marrow suppression, liver damage and so on are found, thus being prove to have a broad application prospect
40 Cases of Treating Chronic Prostatitis with Modified Zhibai Dihuang Decoction
DA was dissolved in Tris(Hydroxymethyl) aminomethane-hydrochloric acid buffer solution and mixed the solution with CPC powders after oxidized for 2 d in air.
Results Two parts of outpatient and inpatient were involved,and the information on clinical laboratory results,doctor prescription,course recording,the first page of the medical record and hospitalization expense can be inquired.
Expression of cyclinD1, p16 and Ki-67 in papillomatosis and ductal carcinoma in situ of the breast
it is note that that coefficients of this function are derive from data for 181 individuals with diabetes, and one would appreciate that further data accumulation may update these coefficients.
The Effect of Nd: YAG Laser Irradiation on the Submandibular Gland and Submandibular Lymph Nodes of the Rats
Preparation of Macroporous Silica Gels for Gel Permeation Chromatography
Correlation between periodontal health condition and metabolic syndrome in Shanghai area
Morphine may enhance the positive reactive area of FRAP at spinal lamina Ⅱ in rat of sciatic nerve crush.
study on model of Muscle-Fiber intracellular action potential
Objective To investigate the expression and regulation of alpha 1 anti-trypsin (AAT) in tubular epithelial cells
In effect, when we give cancer patients
Liver cancer rates increase steadily,which threat to human health seriously.
Methods Expression of perforin and Fas-L of TIL was studied in 20 HCC cases using in situ hybridization and immunohistochemistry.
Iron functions as a component of several proteins, including enzymes, myoglobin and hemoglobin, the latter being important for the transport of oxygen to tissues throughout the body for metabolism.
Treating Surface and Applications of Potassium Titanate Whiskers in Polymer
After studies on lipid producing conditions of M2040 by different single factor, the optimum fermentation composition and conditions for lipid production are gotten, on the ground of which we put up the two stages of fermentation, then,the production of mycelium, lipid and GLA in M2040 cultivated in shaking flask was 122.9%, 195.2% and 281.8% higher than that in the original strain despectively.
similarly, neither that first antibody nor the second antibody of the present invention is cross-reactive with the nucleoprotein of influenza B virus or influenza C virus.
Advances in research of phospholipid hydroperoxide glutathione peroxidase
Such a backing would serve to block or reduce diffusion of the therapeutic agent in the direction opposite from the desired diffusion direction through the sclera.
RECENT DEVELOPMENT OF STUDIES ON CHROMOSOME ABERRATION ANALYSIS AS BIOLOGICAL DOSIMETRY
Objective To investigate the cor pulmonale with hyponatremia diagnosis and treatment measures.
Objective:To explore the imaging and clinical features of extranodal lymphoma in head and neck.
study on nodulation and nitrogen fixation induce by 2, 4-D in that roots of tobacco
Polymerase chain reaction (PCR) detection primer for goose-derived component
Treatment period was 4 weeks.
Abstract: The topographical characteristics of the boron carbide sample surfaces were investigated with atomic force microscope/friction force microscope (AFM/FFM).
Antibodies can also be made bispecific, i.e., able to recognize two different antigens (see, e.g., WO 93/08829, Traunecker et al., EMBO J. 10:3655-3659 (1991); and Suresh et al., Methods in Enzymology 121:210 (1986)).
Thus,it is particularly important to know how yeast evolves in a continuous,nutrient-limited environment,how natural selection favors their genetic change that gives cells greater access to limiting substrates.
Conclusion Salidroside can significantly resist hypoxia-induced.The neuroprotective effect of salidroside may be related to the modulation of expressions of apoptosis-related proteins.
the present invention disclose a Chinese medicine for curing fracture
Clinical reseach on COX-2 and TXA-2 in serum of the patients with ACS who took aspirin
Examples of linear alkyl radicals are decyl, dodecyl, tetradecyl, hexadecyl and octadecyl radicals
the self clean glass coated Fe TiO 2 photo catalytic thin film was prepare by sol gel process from that system Ti ( OC 4H 9) 4-NH ( C 2H 4OH) 2-C 2H 5OH-H 2O containing FeCl 3. the microstructure and the properties of the film were studied by using DTA TG, XRD and SEM methods
Drug composite containing troxerutin and ADP receptor antagonist
Changes and clinical significance of serum homocysteine and lipids in Patients with primary hypothyroidism and hyperthyroid
Molecular Techniques Applied in the Studies of Microbial Genome
Analyze haemophilia a family by using inherited polymovphism linkage analysis
RESULTS: Compared with the normal control group,Demodex sojourn the positive rate and fluorescence intensity in conjunctival epithelial cells of patients with Demodex of ICAM-1 and HLA-DR were significantly increased(P<0.05).
Results We have achieved satisfactory scanning results with 128 patients after the psychological counseling and careness from the nurse.There is no allergies and other adverse reactions on them and the imagings are all achieved the doctor’s request for the diagnosing.
Studies on the Adsorption Catalytic Voltammetry of the Organic Drug at Carbon Paste Electrodes
preventing forced posture of the patient because of pain,
one of the Endocrine Disrupting Chemicals (EDO, was studied, with TiO2 thin film prepared by sol-gel method as photocatalyst and a 125W mercury lamp as ultraviolet light source. The influences of various parameters were studied. Results showed that the best photodegradation of DEP is under the condition of pH 2, 50mg/L H2O2 and 150min irradiation.
In summary, this thesis focuses on the specificity of acupoints.
The immune thrombocytopenia purpura incidence rates during exposed (42 days after vaccination) and unexposed time periods were determined.
Results All patients were followed up for 3-6 months. Anatomical reduction was found in 46 cases (86.8%), functional reduction in 5(9.4%), mal-reduction in 2(3.8%). The patients were allowed walking by crutches 7 days postoperatively.
in an embodiment where that high-energy stimulation pace is delivered in an atrial trigger pacing mode, the device may measure the patient ' s intrinsic av interval before the mode switch ( e. g., as an average over a number of cycle preceding the mode switch ) so that the av escape interval for delivering ventricular pacing can be set to pace the ventricles at a high frequency during the high-energy stimulation period.
The strategies to be used to address this important public health problem include: (a) increasing the availability of contraceptives and family planning information with a view to reducing the number of children per woman, spacing pregnancies and reducing the number of pregnancies in young girls and older women; (b) improving the quality of prenatal care; (c) ensuring that skilled personnel are available to provide obstetric care in health units, hospitals, health centres and health stations; (d) providing emergency obstetric care; and (e) training traditional birth attendants
Sodium borohydride (915 g, 24.08 mmol, .about.1.4 eq) was added in one portion and the resulting mixture was stirred at room temperature, under nitrogen, for 2 hours.
Crystalline Morphologies of N-maleoyl Chitosan
Clinical Research of Percutaneous Lumbar Diskectomy for Lumbar Disc Herniation
Objective To explore the effect and mechanism of astragaloside pretreatment on bone mesenchymal stem cells(MSCs)apoptosis induced by free serum and hypoxia.
The immune system may attack cancer through B and T lymphocytes.
the invention is directed towards treating a patient 's suffering from disease related to pathological inflammation .
According to the present invention, there is provided a therapeutic agent or prophylactic agent for a disease sensitive to the compound of the present invention, wherein the agent comprises the compound as an effective ingredient.
Therapeutic effect of greater splanchnic nerve transection in dogs with acute necrotizing pancreatitis
In present research, SSR markers were employed to clarify the genetic diversity and to establish the fingerprinting of 50 pigmented potato(Solanum tuberosum L. ) genotypes which were available in existed breeding programs.
synthesis of 4-Chloro-2-nitrobenzoic acid by oxidation in that presence of catalyst
Characteristics of organic acid and amino acid in root exudates of rice genotype with high nitrogen efficiency
Nursing care of childhood asthma patients treated with atomization inhalation
Study on the Preparation of Chitosan Nerve Conduit and Its Repairing of Peripheral Nerve Injury Combined with Bone Marrow Mesenchymal Stem Cells in Rat
guizhouense 36-15. When 0.6M Glucose was used as stabilizer, about 48.9% of protoplast regenerated on Czapex-Dox agar media (MM
the suspension thus obtained is filtered and the solid washed with deionised h2o ( 2 x 2 i ).
Objective To explore the efficacy of honey and Insulin on hard-healing wounds.
FIG. 2 illustrates weigh loss when SynLeptin-1 or 2 polypeptide was injected two times every two weeks into the hypoderm of 12-week-old ZFD rats with non-functional Leptin receptor.
Dynamic Research of 4 Growth Factors Gene Expression in Rats of Deep Ⅱ Degree Burn Wound Healing
Analysis on chromosome aberrations in peripheral lymphocytes of radiological workers in Zhejiang province
Peripheral-blood mononuclear cells obtained from adult subjects carrying the -292 variant, as compared with wild-type cell
histopathology of rat aortic transplant arteriosclerosis induce by different risk factor
Results Odd nuclear cells and large RBCs in erythrocyte system as well as little megakaryocytes shaped lymphocyte are the most diagnostic significance about MDS.
The residue is purified by column chromatography on silica gel 60 (Merck) using toluene/methanol 70:
heart rate variability and silent myocardial ischemia in that age male patients with diabetes mellitu
the rosin-based ion may comprise a reactive group selected from the group consisting of hydroxy, amino, ammonium, nitro, sulfonic, sulfinic, sulfonate, sulfonium, phosphonate, phosphonium, epoxy, vinyl, isocyanate, carboxy, carboxylic acid, hydroxy- phenyl, and anhydride.
Present Study on Immunological Treatment of Dendritic cell for Tumor
the result essentially electrically neutral polymer dispersion can be combined with one or more of a cationic surfactant or cationic polyelectrolyte to produce a cationic polymer emulsion
Synthesis and Properties of Novel Fluorescent Dendrimers Containing 1, 3, 5-Triazine
Aim To testify the pathogenicity of coccoid Helicobacter pylori in vivo.
first preparing 1- aryl or alkylation imidazole, then reacting with aromatic ring or heterocycle benzil methyl halide and getting a systematic aromatic ring and heterocycle benzil methylimidazole salt compound. The aromatic ring or heterocycle substituted at position 1 and 3 carry imidazole salt compound through sifting of anticancer activity and research of structure-activity relationship.
The proliferation was detected by CCK-8 assay.Cell cycle distribution and apoptosis rate were analyzed by flow cytometry.mRNA expression of cyclin D1 was determined by real-time quantitative PCR,and protein expression of α-SMA was detected by Western blotting.
ten liter of that seed culture broth describe above was transplanted to this fermentor and cultured at 28. degree. C. and 1.0 Kg/cm2 G under aeration at 96 l/min. for 4 day while stirring at 200 rpm.
Results When compared with the healthy subjects,EDV,LVIDd and SpI of left ventricle was significantly higher in the patients with DCM,while EDMass and LVEF was significantly lower(P<0.
study on improve metal-porcelain interfacial bond strength
Methods:The mixed gila cells isolated from neonatal mice cerebral cortex were cultured and further astrocytes were purified.The primary mouse astrocytes were infected by H1N1 or H3N2 influenza viruses in a multiplicity of infection(MOI)2 in vitro.The supernatant were collected at 6 hours and 24 hours post infection,then the viral particles were removed by ultrafiltration molecules retain technique.
Results The recombinant plasmid was detected positive by means of PCR and enzyme digestion, the goalDNA was contained and the goal protein was expressed in the transfected cells.
- Intake of metronidazole for duodenal ulcer by Patient No. 532-6160.
PAMP accelerated the aorta of rats to secrete PAMP, but didn't affect the secretion of Angll
it is produces with hydro-thermal method, the average particle size of the powder is not greater than 100nm observed with scanning electron microscopic, the biggest particle size is not greater than 1.5 um measured with laser particle size test instrument, the ITO powder are cooled and pressed into shape, gets the blank, and the ITO target material can be acquired through pressureless sintering, the material can be used to produce transparent conducting film.
Conclusion If drug treatment is not effective,laparoscopy surgery might be one of the best method for patients with infertility and especially in patients with abnormal tube or polycystic ovary.
Invasive Haemophilus influenzae type b diseases in Bangladesh, with increased resistance to antibiotics
according to a further embodiment of the present invention , one or more active peptides may be attached to a suitable macromolecular carrier or may be polymerized in the presence of glutaraldehyde .
lot of studies have shown that halophilic/halotolerant microorganisms extensively distribute to diverse hypersaline environments in the world, such as salt lakes, hypersaline soils, marine environments, etc.The property of microbiol adaptation to high salt environments is mainly related with their enzymes and other bio-active substances
Biology Vestigial or imperfectly developed, especially in comparison with other individuals or related species;
The role of lipids and lipoproteins in HCV replication
The hydration activity of β-dicalcium silicate (β-C_2S), which was stabilized by a little of B_2O_3and doped with a small amount of BaO or SrO, was studied.
This algorithm prefect the mechanism of image inpainting, has important meanings on remedying the defect of image inpainting technology, and can offer a kind of new thinking on developing the inpainting technology.Experimental result indicates that the method can be capable of filling both texture and structure of the damaged areas of image simultaneously
Objective To improve the awareness of medical radiation and reduce the medical radiation injury,and investigate the radiation dose in interventional therapy of pediatric congenital cardiopathy.
Results: The incidence of hypertension in the experimental group was 80% with mild atrophy of left kidney
The invention discloses a combination of medicines for treating gastric and intestinal cancer,
Acoustic radiation force impulse elastography in differential diagnosis of benign and malignant focal lesions of the liver
Study on the relationship between body index and blood pressure in Chinese adult
through a special heat treatment process, the NiTi alloy filament of the mandible tractor obtains super elastic mechanical characteristic essential for the bone to grow and persistent stable force for the bone to extend.
When dry bamboo particles were irradiated with UV,free radicals produced and the phenomenon of delayed luminescence occurred.Electron spin resonance(ESR) spectrometer and BPCL biological low-light detector were used to measure the free radical spectra and the delayed luminescence spectra of the bamboo particles irradiated with UV.
Expression of CD_(44) in hepatocellular carcinoma and adjacent tissues and Its significances
Effects on proliferation of endogenous neural stem cells by administration of basic fibroblast growth factor and epidermal growth factor after cerebral ischemia in rats
Pathophysiologic changes and research progresses in measurements of portasystemic shunts in patients with portal hypertension
DHE; dihydroetorphine hydrochloride
The recurrence rate for patients and their families is simply disastrous.
Anti-tumor effect of paeonol in vitro and in vivo
Additionally a three-dimensional assay set-up of tumor and immuno effector function cells is also advantageous
CD29 and CD90 antigen expression was positive in BMSCs,while CD34 and CD45 antigen expression was negative,assayed by flow cytometry.
OMP106 polypeptide is then removed from the antibody, thereby permitting the recovery OMP106 polypeptide in isolated, or preferably, purified form.
The Compared of Standard Blood Smears and Blood Smears with Conventional with Blood Analyzer Classification Results
The minimal concentration of compounds required to reduce 50% of plaque numbers (EC50) was calculated by regression analysis of the dose-response curves generated from plaque assays.
Determination of Urease Activity in Soybeen by Glass Electrode Potentiometry
The low acyl gellan is used to increase the rigidity and is suitably present in an amount of from about 0.1 to 4% by weight of the composition on a wet basis.
Identification of 3 strains of deep-sea bacteria by physiological and molecular biological methods
in that case of iodine deficiency, thyroid D1 activity will increase greatly in ord to convert more T4 to T3, but deficient iodine intake doesn't improve thyroid D1 mRNA expression
The main principle is detecting and treating in time
For example, a base, such as Ammonium Hydroxide (NH4OH), can be added to a cleaning solution with solid components of a carboxylic acid (a fatty acid), for example made by dissolving 2-4% of a carboxylic acid in DIW, to increase the pH value of the cleaning solution
Study of Optimum Requirements of Lysine of Commercial Young Hens
Inhibitory Kinetic Fluorimetric Determination of Trace Bromide
The strain SNJD-3-Ⅰ was tested as gram-positive bacteria by Gram stain,bacilli,with spore,and preliminary identified as Bacillus.
Using urea as precipitating agent,the single phase phosphor YAl3(BO3)4:Eu3+ was obtained at 900 ℃ by calcining precipitation precursor,which is 300 ℃ lower than temperature of solid state reaction.The particles are approximately 300 nm size with narrow distribution range.The luminescent properties of YAl3(BO3)4:Eu3+ phosphor with 10% doping concentration of Eu3+ is optimal.
Use of Magnetic Resonance with FLAIR Pulse Sequence and the T2WI Weighting Image in Acute Cerebral Infraction
the relationship between heart rate variability and ventricular arrhythmia in that essential hypertension patient with myocardial ischemia
Thus, "functional equivalents" mean, for example, enzymes which reduce 3-chloro-1-(thien-2-yl)propan-1-one to the corresponding S alcohol and which have at least 50%, preferably 60%, particularly preferably 75%, very particularly preferably 90%, of the activity of an enzyme having the amino acid sequence listed in SEQ ID NO: 1.
Results In those 45 patients,28 cases were non-tuberculous mycobacteria,accounting for 62%.There were still 17 cases of pulmonary tuberculosis accounting for 38%,when culture once again.Conclusion There were a large number of pulmonary disease patients induced by non-tuberculous mycobacteria in in cases of pulmonary tuberculosis with bad anti-tuberculosis treatment effectiveness.
when the patient has syncope,we should think of it.CTPA Can be used preferred examination.
Conclusion Microalbuminuria is independently an increased risk for VTE
Since the upstream primer is the same, the lengths and annealing temperatures of the downstream primers are similar, and the proliferation conditions for all segments are identical,
Crystallization of potassium dihydrogen phosphate(KDP) with seed added was studied by adopting the batch crystallization experiment. In the experiment, the impacts of stirring rate and temperature at the time of adding seed, seed size, seed amount on the crystal size distribution(CSD) and average size were investigated
and thus , corneal flattening ( i. e . , reduction in myopia ) .
However, topical web robot is not only a tool that downloads pages from web, but also can recognize topical relevece of links and the content of web pages
Relationship of retinal TPA activity and retinal edema in retinal ischemia and reperfusion rats
Methods One case of leiomyosarcoma was studied with clinicopathological analysis,immunohistochemical staining.
the invention relates to an environment-friendly botanical pesticide for efficiently preventing and controlling the rice planthoppers, wherein the insecticidal active ingredient is a solvent extract such as petroleum ether, chloroform, ethanol and the like of the carpesium.
either during or after treatment,
LT Socket Pre-assy to P4;
InBadtou, the weight of 95 percent of the normal newborn's is between 2394.84g and 3997.64g
SRY gene and ZFY-ZFX gene nestsd primers of mouse and bovine were designed respectively.
Effect and Analysis of Antibiotic and Chalybeate
The Culture and Application of the Photosynthetic Bacteria(PSB);
The activities of SOD, POD and glutathione peroxides (GSH-Px) in seedlings of SES were much higher than those of EBS while the MDA content and O -· 2 content were much lower than those of EBS.
it is obvious to a person skil in that art that the invention in accordance with the invention can be used to identify any other micro organism strain, require that for the micro organism strain to be iden- tified, probes and fluorescent agents such as fluoro- chromes suitable for the method can be obtain.
Methods The changes of plasmic protein tyrosine kinase (P TK),protein kinase C (PKC),PI-PLC activivies and cytoplasmic calcium concentr ation were detected,the secretion of IL-2,IL-10 and the proliferating functi on of T cells at different postburn periods.
While many adults contracted chicken pox as a childhood rite of passage, the varicella virus killed 100 and hospitalized 11,000 people every year before the vaccine became available.
Clinical characteristics and diagnosis of acanthamoeba keratitis
Expression and purification of human cardiac troponin Ⅰ(cTnI)fusion protein in E. coli
Clinical Pathological diagnosis of pulmonary epithelioid hemangioendothelioma and differential diagnosis
Dentists supposed that cariesinfected dentin should be removed,but the dentin demineralization without bacterial invasion(caries-affected dentin,CAD) should be reserved.CAD is the major proportion in bonding.
Objective To discuss the clinical differences among people being treated with internal medical treatment.for colorectal cancer patients in multi disciplinary team.
The growth principle of Te nanowires could be inferred by observing the morphology and structure of the products during different reaction stages.At early stage of the reaction,the TeO2 dissolved in ethylene glycol were reduced into the metastable activated α-Te and stable τ-Te.As the reaction proceeded,metastable α-Te would be re-dissolved and be reduced into the stable τ-Te.
Objective:To explore the clinical effect of intervention before dental surgery for patients with dental anxiety(DA).
the result growth rate of 4.7 per cent over that previou year thus continued the yearly up-down movement of growth rates that began in 1992
Objective:To explore the clinic effecy of nontension herniorrhaphy and traditional herniorrhaphy treatment of inguinal hernia curative.
Study on the susceptibility of lysozyme to the chitosans with different degree of deacetylation based on MBTH assay
Expression and Role of HOXA11 in the Endometrial Adenocarcinoma
The apparent molar absorptivity is 1.2×10~7L. mol~(-1), cm. The detection limit is 2.6 ng/25mL.
There is some significance of serum GPDA for diagnosis of chronic hepatitis, but the sensitivity of GPDA is lower them that of ALT
enzymes that are of relatively high expression levels and or enzymatic activities are analyzed concurrently out of one specimen in a bigger size.
A positive association was observed between uPA and PAI-1 protein in endometriotic stromal cells( rp= 0. 311,P = 0. 039).
Misdiagnostic Analysis of 2 Cases of Enteropathy Associated T Cells Lymphoma
It can promote and balance plant vegetative growth and reproductive growth, raise the content of nucleic acid, protein, peroxidase, etc. in plant, and raise the resistance of crops.
Prevention and Treatment of Heparin anticoagulant Inadequacy During Cardiopulmonary Bypass
A study on the impact of large dose of vitamin A supplementation on child morbidity
Conclusions: These results suggest that HLA-DRB1*12 DQB1*0301 might play resistant to H.pylori infection in Kunming Yi population. However, the effects of HLA-DRB1*11, DQB1 *04 should study further
To mediate ADCC or CDC the therapeutic antibody has to bind to the target cell and is thus specific for, i.e.specifically binding, e.g.a tumor antigen.
Study the Treating Effect for Hysteromyoma with Uterine Artery Embolization
Study on Avilamycin Rational Screening and Fermentation Process Optimization;
In treatment groupⅠ(TGⅠ): clots were lyseed with LFUS+UK+MB;
QSAR Study on 4-(1-Piperazinyl) Coumarin Compounds Anti-blood Cell Condensation in Vitro
d) Surface Enhanced Raman Scattering measurement of the hemoglobin molecules (S4);
Sr_2MgSi_2O_7:Eu2+_0.02,Dy3+_0.04 blue phosphor materials were prepared by gel-combustion method. The as-synthesized phosphors were investigated by XRD,SEM and Fluorescence spectrophotometer.
japanese patent document no. 2002-204942 to katsumi et al describe a process for extract a contaminant from a liquid stream
Results In patients with proliferative diabetic retinopathy(PDR), background diabetic retinopathy (BDR) and without diabetic retinopathy(NDR), MD were -10.6±1.8, -2.4±0.4, -0.70±0.31
Polyazomethineamides(PAMA) resin was synthesized and characterized by Fourier transform infrared spectroscopy(FT-IR).
Gy/10Fx irradiation was added to the visible tumor.
Due to its content of crude protein, crude fat and crude fiber wheat pollard has an energy level which is approximately equal to that of oat.
A Simple and Convenient Method for the Synthesis of Allylic Selenides via Reaction of Allylic Zinc with Diaryl Diselenides
RESULTS Based on the content of glycyrrhizic acid and the extract yield,the preferred process of the orthogonal experiment was determined as:extraction temperature of 80℃,extraction time of 2. 0h and solidliquid ratio of 1:18.
Test device suitable for researching methane dry fermentation process
When EFAD is complicated with stress, the dose of fat emulsion injection for EFAD treatment shall also be increased correspondingly.
Objective To regulate the filling in application form for clinical transfusion,secure transfusion safety,and to decrease medical disputes.
Low power microwave irradiation inhibits proliferation of K562 cells
Conserved escherichia coli immunogens
When an artificial knee joint executes the actions of extension and flexion of knee joint, all the condyle articular surfaces of the femoral prosthesis on the sagittal section smoothly transit on a tibial prothesis,
With advances in imaging, earlier diagnosis, drugs to decrease brain swelling, sophisticated planning, preoperative and anesthetic management, special microscopes and surgical instruments, it is possible to remove significant amounts of tumor with relative safety.
The average H 、D and V in fast-growth period are 59 %、59%and61 % respectively of the total growth in 1-11years,and then have a slowly increase after the fast-growth period.
Aqueous solid paint composition comprising a salt of a fattyacid
In 1983-1984,the relationship between leaf angle and root distribution was investi-gated in rice cultivated in nutrient solution and soil.
Objective: To study the inhibitory effect of selenium and vitamin E on the transformation of human lung fibroblastic cell induced by nickel sesquioxide. Methods: Human lung fibroblastic (HLF) cells were treated four times by Ni 2O 3 of different concentrations in vitro. Meanwhile, Na 2SeO 3 (8 μmol/L) and vitamin E (20 μmol/L) were added into the media containing Ni 2O 3 (6 μmol/L) respectively. The identification of malignancy in transformation of HLF cells was carried out by ...
If an aneuploid zygote is obtained , then the number of chromosomes should not vary by more than one with respect to the euploid number of the organism from which either gamete originated .
There maybe exist antigenicity sites in 60-68,81-88,266-275,351-357,398-404 of the PPV-SC-1 VP2.
The distribution of diameters and the release speed of microcapsules accorded with standards
At least one nitrogen atom of the diamine or polyamine is a quaternized nitrogen atom acting as an anion exchange group.
Clinical evidence for prevention and treatment to neonatal respiratory distress syndrome
these creatures take people's d.n.a. to create a new being, a like hybrid
human tissues are easily attached to the needle body part;
A Study of the Clinical Effects of Iodoform-metronidazole Cataplasm on the Treatment of Pericoronitis of the Third Molar
proteins with a high specificity for arsenic or other contaminant can be made to fluoresce or induce a color change.
In serum and cancer tissue of the mouse born with cervical cancer, all the activity of LDH increase,LDH_5 increased,LDH_1,LDH_2 and LDH_3 decreased or deleted,ie.
relatively inactive, immobile macrophage found in normal connective tissue
Botulinum Toxin A Intradermal Injection Therapy for Hyperhidrosis
Conclusions M1-receptor is involved in the inhibition of N/OFQ on IK in acutely dissociated rat cerebral parietal cortical neurons.
It has been reported that in 12 day old birds vaccinated using the intranasal vaccine of the invention, it takes at least 10 weeks post vaccination to reach high circulating IgG HI antibody levels (>64 HI units).
Effect Analysis of Nedaplatin Combined IMRT for Locally Advanced Nasopharyngeal Carcinoma
Results According to the response to chemotherapy or radiation therapy based on RECIST and followed up for 6 months, 16 out of 23 patients obtained effective treatment, and 7 patients obtained ineffective treatment.The mean P, BV, enhancement extent and ratio of nodule to artery for 23 patients obtained effective treatment before treatment were statistically higher than those obtained ineffective treatment (t=3. 55, 3. 19, 2. 26, 4. 41, P< 0. 05).
And outcomes were evaluated according to the criteria of Johner-Wruh,abd the results were excellent in 12,good in 9,and poor in 1.Conclusions Closed reduction and interlocking nailing for distal tibial comminuted fractures can improve the rate of bone union and reduce complications of operation.
Objective To evaluate the effect of biliary and duodenal stent insertion in the palliation of malignant biliary and duodenal obstruction
The results showed:(l) TypeⅡlesions,which often represent plaque rupture usually with thrombosis superimposed,were observed in 70% of 30 infarction-related lesions located at the reperfused arteries after thrombolysis compared with only 22. 6% of 31 noninfarction -related lesions with narrowing of 50% to less than 100% (p<0. 005).
G.beta.-like protein expressed constantly during the cell cycle was used as an internal control for quantitation of cell lysates.
suitable water miscible organic solvents include ketones such as acetone, ethylmethyl ketone; lower alcohols such as methanol, ethanol, propanol, isopropanol; nitriles such as acetonitrile; cyclic ethers such as tetrahydrofuran, dioxane, and mixture ls ) thereof.
By taking the bisphenol A substances in the food simulates as the research objectives, the detection method of harmful substance migration in 3-piece can was carefully studied. The sample pre-treatments of all of these three kinds of simulates, including 10% and 50% ethanol in volume fraction, and 3% acetic acid in mass fraction were explored
Development of UPT Immunochromatographic Strip for Rapid Detection of Brucella Antigen
Treatment of cells with transforming growth factor-β1 (TGF-β1) activated the extracellular signal regulated kinase 1 and 2 (ERK1/ERK2), inhibited the serum deprivation-induced p38 activation and the increase in intracellular ceramide formation, leading to the stimulation of cell proliferation and the suppression of apoptosis.
Conclusions IpostC can protect against hepatic I/R injury and suppress cell death during early reperfusion phase,which may be related to suppressing the activities of μ-calpain.
The structure and properties of BMA / AM copolymers were characterized by attenuated total reflectance-Fourier transform Infrared spectroscopy(ATR-FT-IR),differential scanning calorimetry(DSC),thermogravimeter(TG) and universal material testing machine.
Next, the microcapsules suspension in water is filtered and washed with water to remove residual impurities
Idiopathic right ventricular tachycardia has typical body surface electrocardiogram when tachycardia attacks.
Both groups reduced proteinuria and improved hypoalbuminemia without major adverse events,but the rapeutic effect was better in the treatment group than that in the control group.
Clinical Research of Acupoint Injection and Tuina Therapy for the Treatment of Perennial Allergic Rhinitis
Objective To study the expression of HIF-1α and COX-2 in prostate cancer and its relationship with tumor angiogenesis.
Results Compared with the B group,not only the difference of SAS and SDS of the A group(P < 0. 05),but also the BP fall are statistically significant(P < 0. 05).
Objective To clone and express the nitrite reductase gene(nir)from Alcaligenes xylosoxidans and detect the enzyme activity,and to explore the degration characteristics of the nitrite reductase(NiR)on nitrite.
14. A method according to claim 12 or 13 wherein the probiotic stimulates a Th1 immune response and/or suppresses a Th2 immune response in the subject.
β-Cat was closely related to pathological differentiation, Pathological stages, lymph node metastasis, the deepness of invasion (P<0.05).
The oxygen used for the reaction may be atomic and/or molecular oxygen, but is preferably molecular oxygen
A bispecific antibody that specifically binds to human ErbB-1 and human c-Met comprising a first antigen-binding site that specifically binds to human ErbB-1 and a second antigen-binding site that specifically binds to human c-Met, wherein the bispecific antibody causes an increase in internalization of c-Met on OVCAR-8 cells of no more than 15% when measured after 2 hours of OVCAR-8 cell-antibody incubation as measured by a flow cytometry assay as compared to internalization of c-Met on OVCAR-8 cells in the absence of the bispecific antibody
Significance of detecting circulating non-phosphorylated matrix Gla protein(dpMGP) in ankylosing spondylitis
00%),while in 12 intussusceptions with subserosal gas,conservative treatment or ultrasound guided hydrostatic reduction failed in 8(8/12,66.67%) patients,and surgical treatment was performed and succeeded in these 15 patients.
Compared with antisense nucleic acid, the mU6pro-ZNRD1siRNA vector is a molecular tool which can inhibit ZNRD1 expression greatly, has obvious progress in down-regulating ZNRD1 expression, provides a new molecular tool for the conversion of the gastric cancer cell MDR, and lays a solid foundation for gene therapy of gastric caner.
test medium is prepared by adding 0.1% volume/volume (v/v) of indicator bacteria, based on the MRS medium
Case 27: edema,dyspnea,diarrhea and fever
Controversial drug thalidomide does not improve survival for lung cancer patients , uk scientists say.
Reference Example 6 Synthesis of ethyl 2-amino-3-(3-indolyl)propionate (Racemic Mixture)
Results: The infarct-related artery TIMI flow grade 3 of patients in tirofiban grooup was 90. 7%,higher than that of the control group,the difference was statistically significant(P<0.05).
The total effective rates of treatment group and control group were 93. 6% and 92. 0%(P>0.05).
Nucleic acid for assaying weak pathogenic form of verticillium dahliae, primer pair and kit
The cell prepares for meiosis just as it does for mitosis. But as the DNA condenses, each chromosome finds its homologous counterpart.
Results 58 cases were followed up for 6~32 months,all cases got bone union.
Objective To establish and evaluate the animal model of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease in Mongolian gerbils.
This trial was conducted to evaluate the safety of high dose daidzein as feed additive in laying hens by determining the performance,egg quality and reproductive organ development.
On accounf of the peculiarity at the infinite point, sppecial attentions to formulas (4) and (9) are paid.
STUDIES ON RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN DEMODEX INFESTATION AND ROSACEA
the slurry was let stir at rt overnight and filter
the disease is highly contagious and transmission is usually through direct contact with infected respiratory tract secretions, e.g. in the form of infected droplets after cough ing / sneezing.
The SiO2 content of the bio-soluble inorganic fibers may be 50 to 82 mass %, for example
Extracorporeal bioartificial liver support system(EBLSS) has been established with immortal C3A and HepG2 cell line for treatment of FHF animal models and the II clinical test of EBLSS with C3A cell has been approved in USA
the present invention relate to an insect-resisting agent. it is a leaf-protection paper or adhesive for book containing five ingredients of coptis root, prepared saponin, pricklyash peel, lead mineral medicine and alum, and it is a product made by using hyacinth bletilla powder, carboxymethyl cellulose and sorbic acid as its medical mixing material and additive through soaking, filtration and dissolution, and mixing that with that above-mentioned medicine mixture and prepared into the form of black oil or paste
Most chemotherapy agents also affect neoplastic and rapid proliferating cells of normal tissues (e.g., bone marrow, hair follicles, etc.), which results in several negative side effects including hair loss, nausea, vomiting, and suppression of bone marrow function.
Additionally, a certain correlation appears between its antipruritic effect and the dose of drug
SYNTHESIS OF α-AMYL CINNAMALDEHYDE BY PHASE TRANSLATED CATALYSIS
In an energy curable system, a relatively fluid formulation is instantly converted to a cross-linked polymer when exposed to energy from a visible or ultraviolet (UV) light source or an electron beam (EB).
TNF -α - 308 G/A
The ways of RPHA and ELISA adopted to examine HBsAg, HBeAgand anti-HBc on 79 cases of primary hepatic cancer and 26 cases ofstomach cancer.After comparing the infection index of the primary hepaticcancer with that of stomach cancer, the result shows the primary hepaticcancer has close ties with the infection of HBV.The relation betweer themwas discussed in this paper
the prepare corresponding compound can be use to prepare antitumor medicinal composition in various dosage forms
syringe piston use in fat transplantation
The Research Progress on Food-grade Engineering Strains of Lactic Acid Bacteria
The use of vasoactive drugs,the time of anesthesia recovery,and delirium were recorded.
it in ord to increase that amount of methanol synthesised, it has been propose in us 5252609 and us 5631302 to subject the make-up gas to a preliminary synthesis step before it is added to the synthesis loop.
Pedigree investigation and genetic study of essential hypertension
An organic electroluminescent material of the formula (I), wherein R1, R2, R3 are selected from the group consisting of alkyl group, cycloalkyl group, alkoxy group, aryl group, polyaryl group and arylalkyl group,
Some illustrative examples of suitable quantitative image features include tumor size, tumor aspect ratio, tumor tissue density as reflected by image intensity in the tumor region, and so forth.
The thrombolytic drug is applicable to cerebral thrombosis sequelae, numbness of limbs, facial paralysis and gatism.
Characteristics of Photosynthesis and Respiration in DifferentSugarbeet Population Covered with Plastic Film and theCorrelation between Yield and Quality
Results showed that mRNA level of PC gene was enhanced with the increase of concentrations of propionate sodium, and tolerant range of PC mRNA to propionate sodium was wide
suggest that ISG15 and its modification system play important roles in that innate immune response and regulation of interferon signal.
Outcome measures included the Disabilities of the Arm, Shoulder and Hand (DASH) score, wrist range of motion, and standard radiographic findings.
Clinical analysis on 35 patients with persistent hypotony after trabeculectomy
Objective To study the change of transformation growth factor-β1(TGF-β1),serpine1,von Willebrand(vWF) and platelet factor 4(PF4) expression of leucocytes and platelets in patients with deep vein thrombosis(DVT) and its role in the formation of thrombosis.Methods A total of 45 patients were enrolled in this study.
The role of the liver in adjusting stress reactions is discussed on the basis of TCM theory and the results of modern studies.The authors hold that the change of criteria of the function of qi is an important physiological characteristic of stress reactions, which causes other physiological and pathological changes; the liver is the center for adjusting stress reactions and it adjusts this kind of reaction by affecting the function of
Synthesis and Characterization of Bisphenol A Epoxy Sulphonate
All 7 cases of patients with diabetic foot had artery emphraxis, and there were no collateral circulation to be established
icariin extract with content no less than 20 percent is use as raw material and is preliminarily separated through a column or settle through alcohol to remove impurities and colors.
in an experiment, that reaction buff solution is diluted for use in a ratio of 1
Hennebert's syndrome; luetic-otitic nystagmus syndrome
Further preferred in conjunction with the use of a first anion exchanger is that the antibody according to the present invention is a monoclonal antibody that has an isoelectric point ( pi ) which is at least two pH units above , that is it is more basic than , the pI of the protein A used in the preceding protein A affinity chromatography step ; e . g . whereas native protein A has a pI of about 5.0 , Streamline recombinant protein A has a pI of about 4.5. Preferably , the antibody according to the present invention is a monoclonal antibody that has an isoelectric point ( pI ) which is at least 6.5 or above , more preferably is 7.0 or above , most preferably has an pI of at least 7.5 or above .
the present invention provide a hitherto unavailable topical formulation comprising as active ingredient, at least one effective agent derived from streptomyces avermitilis, i. e. a macrocylic lactone e. g. an avermectin or chemically modified or synthetic derivative thereof, e. g. ivermectin, together with another anthelmintic of that sulphonamide type
include administer to a subject an effective amount of an MTX active agent in conjunction with a MTX toxicity-reducing adjuvant,
LYCD_(KCl) and LYCD_(LT) were produced by breaking up the yeast cells, which were pretreated with hyperosmosis and low temperatue
THE KINETIC STUDY ON U(IV)-U(VI) ISOTOPIC EXCHANGE REACTION Ⅰ.THE CATALYTIC EFFECT OF Fe~(21) IN THE U(IV)-U(VI) ISOTOPIC EXCHANGE REACTION
WO9848731 describes an artificial insemination device comprising a catheter , containing internally a reserve of pressurised semen and a cap made of a gelatinous material located at the exit hole of the catheter .
The X+ allelic frequency and X+X- genotype frequency of ApoB gene for HTG cases are higher than those for control groups(13.5% vs 4.0%, P < 0.01; 25.2% vs 8.0%, P < 0.01
Tissue Culture and Plantlet Regeneration from Cotyledon of Citrullus Lanatus
and comprises 1-5 sugar moieties ,
galactose and mannose and especially glucose and xylose can be separated from arabinose effectively .
Objective To improve the MRI diagnosis of Postoperative discitis
Advancement in Research of Prevention and Treatment of Restenosis of Coronary Artery with Traditional Chinese Medicine
Rooted plantlets are transplanted to soil as soon as possible after roots appear.
The content of ¦Â-W obtained from APT is more than that obtained from WO3.When APT is reduced by hydrogen at 450¡æ for five minutes, the product is crystalline ATB.If the reduction time is longer than five minutes, W20O58 phase will appear.
FIG. 23: Discloses PCR(TM) amplification of a portion of rol B gene from four independently transformed root clones.
Use of saccharomyces cerevisiae SUC2 gene in yarrowia lipolytica for sucrose utilization
The main procedures of making teaching video contains: writing script;site,facility equipment preparation;lesson preparation;video recording,post production.Each step requests specific skills.This assay makes systematic summary and refinement of detailed works in making teaching video.
Microtubule Dynamics Involves in the Protein (de) Phosphorylation Signaling Pathway in Stomatal Movement
Effect of combination of siRNA targeting growth hormone receptor and 5-fluorouracil on liver metastasis of colon cancer
Diagnostic Value of Real-time Ultrasound for Spleen Trauma
At present, there are more than 300 million patients with psoriasis in our country
The pathogenic bacteria of the pleuropneumonia in swine is the Actinobacillus pleuropneumoniae which has many toxic factors.Adhere to host cell is the first step of bacteria which is the key function of adhesin,and has been paid extensively attention.
TGF-βis major cytokine which can stimulate the transdifferentiation of HSC to myofibroblasts(MFB) and promote collagen synthesis.
if dure that course of awaiting treatment, the condition of patients classified under Categories II and III have deteriorate, the patients and/or their carers can seek professional advice through a telephone hotline operated by the HA psychiatric department. they can also approach the specialist out-patient clinic concerned to seek further advice and an earlier appointment
Other foams that may exhibit hydrophilic characteristics include hydrophobic foams that have been treated or coated to provide hydrophilicity.
include phosphate polyol, phosphite polyol, phosphonate polyols, phosphinate polyol, phosphoramidates, polyphosphorous polyols, phosphinyl polyether polyols, and polyhydroxyl-containing phosphine oxide.
wheezing, asthma, AD, allergic rhinitis, allergic conjunctivitis, food allergy, and urticaria
Transformed bacteria were grown in 3 ml LB cultures for more than 6 hours or overnight.
US Patent No. 5,932, 561 also discloses that chitosan reduces the amount of cholesterol available for absorption and assimilation by the body.
Antigen-specific multifunctional T-cells in sarcoidosis patients with Lofgren's syndrome.
There was no significant difference in retaining time and general side effects after infusion between the two groups (P>0. 05
Based on the sequence published in the Gene Bank,the coding region of porcine Lin28 gene was choned from porcine morula cDNA by RT-PCR.
The results showed that the finishing effects of corn straw silage were significantly higher than that of microbial fermentation corn straw, ammoniated corn straw (P<0.05) and control group(P<0.01), average daily gain of the 4 groups were 1073g, 986g, 931g and 684g, respectively.
Streptomycin \An antibiotic produced by the soil actinomycete Streptomyces griseus.
the replicate capacity of a mutated variant is express in a general manner comparable to that of a wild type variant
Thus, polymer growth rate of the organopolysiloxane during the emulsion process is much higher compared to organopolysiloxane emulsion having particle size larger than 150 nm.
The DDDs of amoxicillin capsules, cefaclor capsules and ofloxacin injection were relatively high
In the electrophoresis detection result of the enzyme-digested product, a marker band which simultaneously has DNA with molecular weights of 675-685 bp, 435-445 bp and 235-245 bp on one lane is the marker of the hybrid of pleurotus nebrodensis and pleurotus eryngii; the identification method of a molecular marker of a hybrid of pleurotus nebrodensis and pleurotus eryngii of the invention has the advantages of short detection time, high accuracy, easy determination, good stability, and the like.
Method for efficiently preparing inhomogenous Marasmius androsaceus polysaccharide through membrane separation technology
the kit and the method can be used for quantitative determination of fructose in sera, plasma, body fluid, food and solid extracting solution, the methodology is special, unique, clean and environment-friendly, manual operation and automatic batch assay can be realized, and the kit and the method are easy to popularize and apply clinically.
A kind of biopsy pierces the sample devices
Influence of nitric oxide and cytokine in rabbit aqueous humor by millimeter wave radiation
Seven women out of every 1000 die for reasons relating to pregnancy and childbirth and there is one midwife for every 1857 assisted births.
Methods and kits for dissociating Fc[gamma]-receptor-igg complexes and for IgG purification and detection
EFFECT OF EXERCISING ON NO CONTENT AND NOS ACTIVITY IN PERSON S BLOOD SERUM;
METHODS: Totally 186 patients (238 eyes) with obstruction of lacrimal passage were treated with the above method from May 2008 to June 2010. Tears recovery and fluorescein excretion test were used to determine the lacrimal duct patency.
Also, the surfactant stabilizes the alignment of the liquid crystal and maintains the surface of the film to be smooth after the formation of the liquid crystal film, thereby improving the quality of the appearance of the liquid crystal film.
isolate nucleic acid molecule encoding a neurotrophic growth factor
STUDIES ON SECRETION PROCESS OF Candida tropicalis PRODUCING LONG CHAIN DICARBOXYLIC ACID
When the process is used, the continuous culture of lactic acid bacteria can be realized, the survival rate of the bacteria and concentration power in a bacteria separation process are high.
Study on Separation of γ-Aminobutyric Acid from Monascus Fermentation Broth by D001 Ion-exchange Resins
Sulindac derivative-induced apoptosis in a human umbilical vein endothelial cell line ECV304
In order to prevent histamine release, hydrocortisone also can apply to an audult or a child for intravenous injection of 5%~10% glucose solution respectively with 300~500mg and 4~8mg/kg dilution
The properties and color of alumina glass for dental CAD/CAM
conclusion : cardiac systolic function is shortly inhibited after acute pressure overload, camp concentration was elevated and cgmp fell acutely to compensate for the inhibited cardiac pump function
Intraspecies variation analysis reveals that expression of OsInlk2 existed in Indica type rice,while it did not exist in Japonica rice.
This review focuses on the HBx-induced abnormal epigenetic changes including DNA methylation, histone modifications and microRNAs expression in HCC.We also discuss the HBx-induced epigenetic regulation of HBV covalently-closed circular DNA.
one new kind of human secreted protein hPAP21, may be one new kind of extracellular protease.
Graves'disease in children with 22q11 deletion. Report of three cases ( Fren)
Clinical Observation of DF-521 to Treat Acute Cerebral Infarction
It was however that,significant differences were not detected in cellulose,crude protein,organic mater,and the feed to weight gain ratio(P>0.05).
the present invention provide a process for that preparation of a complex of formula ( A) or ( B
Gray hair black skin is a reflection of kidney deficiency
single group leucocyte emulation ion, calibrator comprise same and its preparation method
the bud couldn't be obtained from calluses with bud primordium inoculated on 1/2MS with various concentration of KT but root could be induced on the 1/2 MS medium supplemented with KT below 5mg/L
Fermentation Conditions of Antagonistic Pyriculariaoryzae Sace Strain A_(11) of Actinomycetes
This strategy can also apply in other crops to solve the mechanical harvest of hybrid seed and mixture of male sterile line by developing the herbicide-resistant and herbicide-sensitive male sterile line.
After injection , the R 1 disappeared in 7 patients,and R 1,R 2,R' 2 all disappeared in 5 patients,for the rest 30 patients,the latency of R 1,R 2,R' 2 was prolonged slightly,but showing no apparent differences The amplitudes of R 1,R 2 and R' 2 were lowered significantly ( P <0 05).
stem cell derive cardiomyocytes and arrhythmia
FIG. 2 is a diagrammatic representation of the effect on injury of the rat retinal inner nuclear layer cells.
Using the plasmid pBR322 as a vector, EcoRI-BamHI and BamHI restriction fragments of the ribosomal RNA gene (rDNA) from the silk worm Attacus ricini (Philosamia cynthia ricini) have been cloned in E.
When the device is used to treat a bleeding wound, at least a portion of the clay material comes into contact with blood emanating from the wound to cause the clotting.
Keywords Uerus; Fallopian tube; Hysterosalpingography; Catheter with double-cavity saccule
The effect of progesterone/estradiol (P/E_2) ratio and the types, thickness of endometrium on the day of HCG administration on the pregnancy rate of intrauterine insemination (IUI).
This has contributed to lowering unwanted fertility and maternal mortality among young women.
Expression and clinical significance of p16 protein in transitional cell carcinoma of the bladder
The positive expression rates of HIF-1α and VEGF in poor differentiated SCC were significantly higher than those in well or moderated differentiated SCC(P<0.05).
Clinical analysis of early escharectomy and skingrafting in treatment of deep hand burn in 135 cases
DIETRICH: Looks like some sort of secreted resin
In a further exemplary embodiment of the cultivation process, the culture vessel comprises at least one filler that releases at least one virus, virus particle, vector, DNA or any other agent that is useful for transfection of the cultivated cells, tissue, tissue-like cell cultures, organs, organ-like cell cultures, or multicellular organisms.
the preparation and morphological observation of that Sandwich ECM-scaffold seed with olfactory ensheathing cell
All small deep infarctions were associated with middle cerebral artery ( mca) truncal stenosis and the size of infarction was correlated with mca atherosclerosis stenosis degree . Most cases of striatocapsular infarction were found in patients with more severe mca truncal stenosis
Universal vaccine based on ectodomain of matrix protein 2 of influenza A: Fc receptors and alveolar macrophages mediate protection
The results showed that under joint affection of VB6 and VE,a phenomenon of bifidobacterium filaments cluster emerged,and the bifid proliferation pattern was inhibited.
CHANGES IN mRNA FOR NEURONAL NITRIC OXIDE SYNTHASE ASSOCIATED PROTEIN NIDD FOLLOWING PERIPHERAL NERVE INJURY
Quantitative Study of Alkaline Phosphatase and Osteocalcin in the Process of New Bone Formation
PILOT STUDY ON FeV50 PRODUCTION BY ALUMINOTHERMIC PROCESS
Genetic variance of the nucleoprotein gene of measles virus strains in Henan province of China
/NOIL Suppress IL assembler code output.
Through the method, can acquire encoding fusion proteins of the invention of the different sizes of the N - terminal and internal fragment expression library.
Heat Resistance Increases in Seedlings of Transgenic Tobacco Lines with SOD,POD Genes
A half-width of a diffraction peak obtained by X-ray diffraction is 1.0 degree or more.
Objective:To explore the clinical manifestations of aconitine poisoning, and to summarize its diagnostic and treatment experiences
ELISA and PCR were 86.7 % (39/45) to the unanimous rate of measuring that TTV infection
Hydroxypropylmethyl cellulose 15 000(=HPMC 15 000) is mixed with corn starch and lactose and in case of an active ingredient non sensitive to moisture the active is added.
Finally,recombinant MBD proteins with the relative molecular weight of 38 000 were purified by affinity chromatography.
Conclusion HBV-infected individuals express many kinds of autoantibodies,which may promote damage to liver function and should be paid attention to by treating physicians.
Objective to evaluate intravesical epirubicin instillation for preventing the recurrence of superficial bladder tumors after surgical management
The levels of serum IgG,IgG4 and TIgE were significantly higher than the levels of healthy controls.It could be aiddiagnosis for AD.
influence of carry out health education for family members on quality of life of patient undergoing enterostomy
C and D group after injury in 7 d,14 d,and 21 d each take 4 different animals take quadriceps samples,The SYBR Green real-time quantitative RT-PCR method was employed to detect IGF-ⅠRNA expressions.Immunohistochemistry staining were used to detect IGF-Ⅰprotein expressions.HE staining was employed to detect the histomorphological change.
In Liver, the contents of Ser, Val, Ile, Leu, Phe, Lys remarkably increased. The content of His and the ratio of AAA/BCAA decreased
Observation on Therapeutic Effect of Scalp Acupuncture and Acupuncture at Points on the Limbson Ischemic Stroke
To overcome the disadvantages of traditional malware detection with high false negative rate and low running efficiency,we abstract function call graphs from candidate malware by static analysis.
Results The theoretical results, operating results, clinical thinking ability, self-learning ability, language ability, learning initiative to improve the situation, the observation group were higher than that in control group, significant differences(P<0.05).
this paper reviews postharvest physiology of annonas, including respiration and ethylene production, relevant enzymes, fruit softening, fruit browning, and postharvest pathology.
Results HA and collegan Ⅳ were increased with the aggravation of fibrotic degree, and the difference between S4 and S1 S3 groups was significant. The cut off value of HA and collagen Ⅳ by ROC analysis had the sensitivity and specificity of 70%-80% in diagnosing liver cirrhosis
swel carbomer resins with surfactant in deionized water, adjusting that PH value to 6. 0-7.0 with triethanolamine and for a stable colloid emulsion; and adding reducing polymers and a silver salt to the colloid emulsion and adding small molecular reducing agents for reduction at 5-100 DEG C in order to improve the purity of silver, thus obtaining the nano silver antibacterial agent.
Studies on the Mass Spectrometry of Natural Products--VI. Mass Spectra of 20-C-Nonoxygenated-Ent-Kaurenes
catalyst for synthesis of dimethyl ether in fluid bed
We are not replacing those motor neurons [nerve cells which tell muscles to contract
Microsatellite instability in multiple primary colorectal cancers
in particular, that co-stabilizer is infinitely miscible with the monomer of the monomer droplet.
the impedance of the body directly related to the presence of glucose was not used to noninvasively measure glucose .
The diets comprise 60% grass silage and 40% concentrates (barley, soy bean, mineral, and vitamins; 16% crude protein).
the 2 dimensions simultaneous equations were obtained to express the relationships of mass distribution ( xi, yi; i = 1,..., ) between two phases. this simultaneous equations can be converted to a one - dimension nonlinear equation which can be solved by newton - raphson algorithm within a few interactions.
Conclusion EP6-A linearity evaluation method is more objective and more suitable to clinical biochemistry.
The results showed that the cathodal polarization enhanced extraction capacity significantly,while the anodic polarization had negative effect on membrane extraction.
Purification, Characterization and Mechanism of Trichoderma Reesei Xylanase
These nanostructures were characterized by transmission electron microscopy (TEM), scanning electron microscopy (SEM), X-ray energy dispersive spectroscopy (EDS), X-ray Photoelectron Spectrometer(XPS), X-ray diffraction(XRD), UV-vis spectroscopy, Four
In order to obtain high molecular weight polyacrylonitrile copolymer for carbon hollow fibers membrance, it was synthesized by the aqueous suspension polymerization with the redox system, and the effects such as termperature, monomer concentration, initiator concentration and reaction time for the degree of polymerization and conversion were discussed; and the best condition for synthesis of PAN copolymer with a relative molecular weight of 100~200 thousand was attained.
[Solution] Provided are pharmaceutical multimeric particles of which the particles are small and the particle size distribution is narrow and which are characterised in being obtained by pouring into water a solution of a pharmaceutical multimer dissolved in a water-miscible organic solvent, and a manufacturing method for the pharmaceutical multimeric particles.
Contrastive Analysis of Ultrasonic Diagnosis and Pathologic Results of Plasma Cell Mastitis
Nine combinations were obtained by crossing nine mele sterile lines of three types of male sterile cytoplasms Y, CW, WA with their restorer T54, respectively. The differenced of effects of male sterile cytoplasms on F 1 hybrids with homonucleus backround were compared in a randomized bolck experiment
The VEGFR2 tyrosine kinase inhibitor polypeptide 1 with the sequence SELKILIHIG can implement targeted inhibition on VEGFR2 tyrosine kinase to inhibit the physiologic or pathologic effect generated by VEGFR2, thereby achieving the effect of treating wet age-related macular degeneration.
it may also find application in other type of computed tomography image, single photon emission computed tomography, positron emission tomography, three-dimensional x-ray imaging,
Comparative study on postoperative sexual function after PKRP and TURP for BPH
In a trial involving 75 patients that satisfied the DSM-III criteria for the diagnosis of panic Disorder with or without Agoraphobia (300.01, 300.21) and had at least 4 panic attacks in the month preceding their admission, in a randomized, placebo controlled parallel group, double blind design, 37 on reboxetine and 38 on placebo, the mean number of major panic attacks for patients treated with reboxetine was significantly lower than for those on placebo.
The rehabilitation effect was assessed by Scale for Assessment of Negative Symptoms(SANS) and Inpatient Psychiatric Rehabilitation Outcome Scale(IPROS).
Breast, ovary, and colon cancers highly express alternatively spliced CD44 variants, whereas normal tissues mainly express
Condensation type polyimides were prepared by using DDBT (dimethyl 3,7 diaminobenzathioplene 5,5 dioxide) and several dianhydrdes such as pyromellitic dianhydride (PMDA), 3,3′,4,4′ biphenyltetracaboxylic dianhybride (BPDA), 2,2′ bis 3,4 [dicarboxyphenyl] hexafluorepropane dianhydride (6FDA) and 3,3′,4,4′ diphenylsulfone tetracaboxylic dianhydride (DSDA). The thermal decomposition temperatures and IR spectra of all DDBT based polyimides were studied.
Pre-treatment of samples were as follows: oil-fried food samples grinding,repeated three times extracting by 0. 1%formic acid water solution[the ratio of meal to liquid was 1:5（w/w）],extract centrifugation and freezing,C18 solid-phase extraction purification,then analyzed by HPLC.
Objective Seeking the biochemical indexes for early diagnosis in brain damage after seizure is to discuss the treatments of epilepsy in the future
After mixing the mixture is kept overnight in a waterbath at 60C .
A comparative study on morphological characteristics of two species of Myrica
Genetic Structure and Intraspecific Genetic Polymorphisms in Natural Populations of Psathyrostachys huashanica
Particularly , the instant composition may additionally contain an effective stabilising amount of at least one other 2 - hydroxyphenyl - 2H - benzotriazole ; another tris - aryl - s - triazine ; or hindered amine or mixtures thereof .
Eukaryotic Expression of Canine Parvovirus HL-1 VP2 Gene and Development of an Indirect Elisafor the Detection of Viral Antibodies with the Expression Produce
Experimental study of hemodynamics and oxygen metabolism in pigs with severe acute pancreatitis
Diagnose the contrast analysis of the cornary heart disase in coronary arteriography and treasmill exercise test
The monoclonal antibody DO-7 can bind both normal and missense mutant (i. e., nonfunctional) forms of p53 and is known to be capable of detecting the increase of p53 in the cells following exposure to DNA-damaging agents.
5- ( I - IsoPropoxyethyl ) - I - ( 3- ( l - pyrrolidinyl ) phenyl ) benzimidazole is prepared analogously , by alkylation with 2 - bromopropane to the procedure .
Objective:To compare the efficacy and safety of warfarin and aspirinin for treating diabetes mellitus(DM) complicating nonvalvular atrial fibrillation(AF).
MEK / ERK is constitutively activated in the cells expressing BRAF V600E of significantly leading to tumor development,invasion,and metastasis.
No clinical symptoms were detected in these animals .
Results In vitro bioactivity screening results indicated that compounds 1d,1e,1i and 1j had potential prolonging effect of FRP.
Effect of Qingbai Powder on Anti-inflammation and the Expression of Inflammatory Cytokines in Chronic Muscle Injury Model Rats
Conclusion There is much earlier than the γ-trace protein and C-reactive protein concentrations measured values increased urinary sediment in early malformation of red blood cells appear.
Percutaneous vertebroplasty for the treatment of thoracolumbar metastatic tumors
Obesity is the major factor inducing high blood lipid,fatty liver,diabetes,cardiovascular disease and so on.And it has become one of the important problems harming the health of people worldwide.In order to obtain a new low density lipoproteins(LDL) adsorbent,chitosan(CTS),which is polycationic,was modified to prepare a polyanionic derivative.In this paper,based on Mannich reaction,a novel polyanionic chitosan derivative-N-methylene chitosan phosphate ester(NMCP),was synthesized by introducing the phosphoro...;
Tocopherols are advantageously included in vaccines for use in elderly patients (e.g. aged 60 years or older) because vitamin E has been reported to have a positive effect on the immune response in this patient group [112].
it was an object of the present invention to find further combinations that are suitable for the treatment of pain and which preferably exhibit fewer undesired side effects compared to its individual components, if administered in effective doses.
he encoding gene is introduced in the plants; and the transformed plant hosts can be wheat.
Study on the Risk Factors of the Mental Depression of Inpatients with Hepatitis B
though this surgery involves fairly extensive dissection and requires the patient to depress a subcutaneous valve which temporarily deflates the sphincter cuff and allows voluntary defecation.
Antisense Gadd45 substantially abrogated BRCA1 activated cell cycle G2 M arrest and BRCA1 induced cell growth suppression on HeLa and HCT116 cell lines.
Osteoblastoma of The Nasal Cavity and Paranasal Sinuses(Report of 6 Cases)
The Application of Molecular Biology Technology in Polyphasic Taxonomy of Environmental Microorganisms
Dynamic detection of T cell subsets and CD3~+HLA-DR~+T cells in peripheral blood with hand allograft recipients
A THIOREDOXIN-dependent hydroperoxidase that is localized in the mitochondrial matrix.
it should be understood that reference to" lymphoid cell" is a reference to any cell which has rearrange at least one germ line set of immunoglobulin or TCR variable region gene segments.
in addition, message transmitted through that media may reinforce aggression and other risky behavior, interfere with identity development or inspire fear and anxiety, the researchers note.
Expression of NF-κB in Focal Cerebral Ischemic Reperfusion Injury in Rats with Diabetes Mellitus
Effect of intranasal interleukin-12 gene therapy for allergic rhinitis in murine model
BEHAVIOR OF SUPPORTED NANOSTRUCTURED NON PRECIOUS METAL CATALYSTS IN CO OXIDATION Ⅱ. The Preparation, Structure and Catalytic Properties of Nanocopper Particles
Since EEV is relatively resistant to complement effects, when it is grown in a cell type from the same species, this virus form will have enhanced stability and retain activity longer in the blood following intravascular administration than standard preparations of vaccinia virus (which contain exclusively IMV) (Smith et al., 1998).
Results:The operation successful rate of three groups had no significant difference(P>0.05).The operation time,intraoperative blood loss,postoperative anal exhaust time,duration of hospitalization,the rate of short-term postoperative complications of open group were the highest,the hospitalization cost and longterm postoperative complications of(EST+LC)group were the highest,the differences were all statistically significant(all P<0.05).
Conclusions: The infections of UU and CT on delivery term women were irrespective of age, pregnant weeks and delivery times.
CLINICAL SIGNIFICANCE OF AUTOANTIBODIES TO GLUTAMIC ACID DECARBOXYLASE IN THE DIAGNOSIS OF TYPE 1 DIABETES MELLITUS
Since the organic-inorganic nm compound micro ball is the organic polymer packaged by organic SiO2 particles, compared with that packaged by inorganic nm particles, it has better performance like hardness, strength and wear resistance, and it can be applied in the fields such as coating material, plastic and rubber.
The invention relates to a composition of Chinese yam polysaccharide and Chinese yam protein and an application thereof.The composition of the Chinese yam polysaccharide and Chinese yam protein comprises natural active substances extracted from Dioscoreaceae Chinese yam and other Dioscoreaceae plants and is yellowish-brown powder.
Study on Micronucleus Effect Caused by Anticancer Drug Vincristinine
A Quantitative Study of Spontaneous Passage Urinary Calculi
The clinical applyment value of assessing nutritional status of neonates by serum amino acid and prealbumin
Value of CT scoring system in predicting acute pancreatitis severity
At the fourth day,TNF-¦Á levels decreased sharply,while IL-. 0 levels increased to the highest level; after that,IL-. 0 levels also decreased.
the present invention disclose a polypeptide-chondriosome carrier 18
it was conclude that tumor angiogenesis is heterogeneouc,
Objective This study was designed to detect distribution and phaenotype of dendritic cells in tumor tissues and paratumor tissues, the relationship between DC and pathological character of lung cancer and other correlation factors in tumor microenvironment were also analyzed to explore the role and function of TIDC in the process of tumor immune escape
Efficacy Observation on External Therapy for 69 Cases of Chronic Lumbar Muscle Strain
High versus low dosing of oral colchicine for early acute gout flare:
Numerical Simulation of Transport Phenomena in Proton Exchange Membrane Fuel Cells;
include, but are not limit to toxins, organic compound, proteins, peptides, microorganisms, amino acid, nucleic acids, hormones, steroids, vitamins, drugs, drug intermediaries or byproducts, bacteria, virus particles, yeasts, fungi, protozoa
surface activity were tested, surface tension was 32. 1×10 -3 N/m, critical micelle concentration ( CMC ) was 4. 48×10 -3 mol/L, permeability was 1.68min, emulsify power was 0.65min, lime soap dispersing power was 25%, de-oil power was 99.4%. and a comparison of these properties to those of traditional alkyl benzene sulfonate and alkyl sodium sulfate was made.
Acupuncture Therapy Research on Recovery of Gastrointestinal Function after Abdominal Surgery
Small sets of evidence-based interventions for a defined patient population and care setting
The optimum acylation conditions for mesitylene over said catalyst were obtained by orthogonal experiments as follows:C9H12 ClCH2COCl molar ratio of 0. 5,a reaction temperature of 80 ℃,a reaction time of 4 h and a catalyst dosage of 0. 25%(based on the mass of mesitylene).
The skin of the dead common carp larvae caused by starvation became disrupted, and had unclear boundary fingerprint cells with fluffy arrangement, and less mucous cells.
Prenatal Diagnosis of Congenital Infection with Human Cytomegalovirus
Comparison of the Efficiency of Different DNA Extraction Methods on the Leave of Mangrove Kandelia obovata
Influence of Eluent C mposition on Column Efficiency in Revesed-Phase High Performance Liquid Chromatography
Conclusions:The occurrence and development of cancer is a very complicated process.Different tumor or same tumor in different stages should use different therapy and combine with different therapies.
Whether these programs are successful or not is measured by the transfer rate from negative HIV to positive, which is named "Safe-Sex Indicator".
The Clinical Significance of CD62P in Patients with Chronic Nephritis
AIM: To investigate the incidence of insulin dependent diabetes mellitus ( IDDM) in children of Nanning city.
the recombinant human ovarian canc anti-idiotype microantibody in that form of an inclusion body exists in the escherichia coli and is optimize by a fermentation technique
AS resin is first used as support medium and proper amount of organic small molecular plasticizer and additive is added to form gel polymer substrate;
Methods Aretrospective analysis of clinical data in our hospital for treatment of 26 cases of patients with severe acute pancreatitis.
Differently, the modified latex particles by monomer pre-emulsified process have large sizes and regular sphericity. Particle sizes of modified latex decrease from > 100nm to 80nm after amination and the surface of particles appears novel morphology like fuzz, which is due to the decrease of crosslinked density and aminating reaction of carboxylic acid
In a still more preferred embodiment, the capture antibody recognises a region corresponding to amino acids 1-16 of the A.
Withthe whole-cell patch clamp technique, Rb1(100 μmol·L-1) was shown to have no obvious effect oncalcium current and potassium current.
Result: Clinical effects and improvement of TCM symptoms of treatment group were superior to that of control group(P<0.05),blood flow rate of VBAI was improved remarkably compared with control group(P<0.05).
in particular to a novel full-implanted artificial corneal stroma and a preparation method thereof
Results showed that biomass accumulation of spring corn plants accords with the S-shaped curve as the plant grows and develops
Treatment of Acute Bronchitis by “Huoke Granule” in 200 Children
the spun-laced cloth is compose of collagen fiber bundle, other textile-used staple fibers and interstitial fibers, wherein that collagen fiber bundle are mutually interpenetrated and interweaved with branches of the collagen fiber bundles to form stereo reticular braided structures, other textile-used staple fibers are located on skeleton of the stereo reticular braided structures, reticular entwining is formed between the textile-used staple fibers mutually or between the textile-used staple fibers and the collagen fiber bundles and the branches of the collagen fiber bundles, and fiber is adhered or bound by the interstitial fibers
Mechanism and application of nitric oxide synthase neurochemical plasticity in lower urinary tract dysfunction of rats with spinal cord injury
The invention relates to a blend of particles comprising at least two different kinds of particles:
In this study, we observed the physiological responses of blades of P. haitanensis during desiccation stress.
Methods Based on previous results,total polysaccharides isolated from WZ 50% ethanol extract were studied to confirm anti-cytotoxicity,anti-oxidative activity and anti-apoptosis.
MethodsThe level of blood uric acid and prevalence of hyperuricemia(HUA) were compared in 360 patients with acute cerebral infarction and 300 patients without it.
Since the third wet process is performed in step S12c while removing the parts of the Hf-containing insulating films 4a and 4b having the high concentrations of La and Al, the Hf-containing insulating films 4a and 4b can be etched by the acid solution containing hydrofluoric acid, while suppressing the formation of the La fluoride and Al fluoride during the third wet process in step S12c.
Objective:To observe the preemptive analgesia effect of flurbiprofen axetil during radical operation of thyroid cancer.
Drug delivery systems that can deliver therapeutic and/or diagnostic agents to the colon are disclosed.
Under different sports conditions, biomechanics characteristics of skeletal muscle are different, so the sports injuries are varied.
in this study, that system for in-planta agrobacterium-mediated transformation with vacuum infiltration in cabbage was investigate with three cabbage varieties ( Brassica Oleracea Var. capitata), mediate by two Agrobacterium strains-LBA4404 ( carrying npt II gene and gus gene) and GV3101 ( carrying Bari-1 gene and hpt gene), which includes method of building the suitable plant shape > transformation influencing factors, transformant screening
morphometric parameter of lake
Results showed that the colloid particles possessed good UV absorption and emulsification properties.
Conclusion All trans retinoic acid can decrease the activity of interleukin 6 and level of soluble interleukin 6 receptor so as to inhibit the proliferation of tumor cells. It can be used as an effective treatment for multiple myeloma patients whose IL 6 activity and sIL 6R level are higher than normal
CONCLUSION The plate method can be used in microbial limit examination of Escherichia coli,Bacillus subtilis and Candida albicans in Qingyi oral liquid,while the culture medium dilution method can be used in microbial limit examination of Staphylococcus aureus and Asperqillus niger.
These other ingredients may be present in both, the aqueous and/or hydrophilic phase.
Study of radiation damage of rat lung tissue caused by radon and its daughter
Sensory evaluation results showed that the volatile oil of wild eggplant leaf, which was either directly added into the cigarette or indirectly added into the tobacco sheet in the mode of coating liquid, could harmonize with tobacco fragrance, enhance aroma quantity, reduce stimulation, increase the smoking satisfaction and comfort, and obviously improve the status of smoking gas
in analogy to csw/torso gene in Drosophila, this interaction of PTP and PTK appears to result in a positive effect on that PDGF signal transduction pathway.
Cuneiform osteotomy under plateall was undergone and internal fixation was performed with “U”-shaped needle
investigation of spectral characteristic of electron backscattering effect in radiotherapy with Monte Carlo code
The Agnor of low differentiation group was significantly higher than that in middle and high differentiation group (p< 0. 01
the probe sense electrical signals from a patient dure operation of an electrosurgical unit ( 12
Objective To screen out the families with high risk of congenital heart disease(CHD) in Guangxi Zhuang region,and then to investigate the hereditary mode of CHD.
Moreover, The contentsbetween K and Ca(r=0.630, p<0.05), and between Mg and S (r=0.629, p<0.05) correlated positively in the leaves, while negatively between K and Mg (r= -0.678, p<0.01), and not significantly between N and S (r= -0.549, pX). 05
As to PTC, it involves many genes.
Subsequently, the ingredient undergoes acid treatment with sulfuric acid (at 85 to 90°C for 2 hours), which results in the depolymerization and deacetylation of chitin to form free glucosamine hydrochloride, and essentially results in the removal in most of the chitin in one step.
Objective To explore the expression of Livin and its significance in clear cell carcinoma of kidney.
Expression of NGX6 and Cyclin D1 in gastric carcinoma and its clinical significance
nonspecific suppressor T cell factor
include e. g., was, precipitation, dialysis, filtration
There was no significant difference in the incidence of diarrhoea between the groups.
Treatment of humeral proximal fractures with proximal humeral internal locking system in 24 patients
Preparation of single chain variable fragment gene in myasthenia gravis
Study on the technique of processing bread with wheat bran dietary fiber
The phenotype and cell cycle of MSCs were detected by flow cytometry.
RESULTS: The motion parameters of organs due to the breath of lungs during radiotherapy were gotten
Effect of seawater immersion on the body liquid metabolism in rats with open abdominal wound
the date column 122 indicates the date that a radiation dose was delivered or is scheduled to be delivered to the patient 14.
MethodsWe purified Der f2 with the aid of Sephadex G100 gel filtration, DEAEion exchange chromatography and polyacrylamide gel electrophoresis, detected the molecular weight of Der f2 using SDSPAGE method, and analysed the thermostability of Der f2 by heating at 100
After the itaconic acid dissolves, 6.0 g of PREMIX-2, 4.0 g of PREMIX-3, and 2.0 g of PREMIX-4 are slowly added into the mixture.
Effects of Migu tablet on mRNA expression of transforming growth factor-beta 1 of osteoblast
The optium reduction conditon as follows, temperature 1050℃ time 60 rain barite-coal weight ratio 3: 5: 1. The reducing mechanism of barite discussed.
The result shows that the lipid content of Moina mongolina fed with Baker’s yeast combined with fish oil is 16.2% dry weight, which is near the content of nauplii of Artimia(19.9% dry weight), but the pecentage of EPA is much lower than that of nauplii
Results HPT at 0.005 mg/L inhibited T24 bladder cancer cells by preventing the cells from S phase to G2/M phase and did not induce apoptosis.
Results:The ration of G_0~G_1,CKI9 and CK10 posotive rates between the VMSCs and primary human vaginal mucosa cells were statistically different.
There was no difference of virulence to the green wheat mite (Penthaleus major)between sushawei 100ppm and dimethoate 266ppm.
acid stimulation
the present invention relate to a surgical stapling and cut instrument offering articulation of that end effector permitting improved access to surgical site
The occurrence rate of compound endpoint events within 30 d(such as death or requiring dialysis) was 2. 2% in the NAC group and 2. 3% in the placebo group,the difference between them showing no statistical significance(P=0. 92).
Most enzymes characterized from hyperthermophiles are optimally active at temperatures close to the host organism's optimal growth temperature
that is, when that water-swellable, water-insoluble polymer is a cellulose ester, the composition is generally tacky prior to contact with wat ( e. g., with a moist surface) but gradually loses tack as the composition absorb moisture
in that formula, X is O or NH, R is the phenyl with 0 to 2 stituents, and the stituents are halogen, methyl and methoxy.
Pregnancy; Intrahepatic cholestasis syndrome; Complications; Maternal and child;
Methods Plasma samples were obtained from 60 patients with congestive heart failure (the case group) and 20 healthy volunteers (the control group).
No better effect was found when the concentration was more than 2 mmol/L.
Results The amplification efficiencies for GAPDH and KLK6 of the real-time quantitative PCR method were 0.90 and 0.95, respectively; inter-coefficient of variation were 1.0%-2.1% and 0.8%-1.2%, respectively; intra-coefficient of variation were 3.2% and 3.9%, respectively.
in-vitro activity of Polylysine-Bonded rhIL-6 and PEG-Bonded rhIL-6
The past several decades saw intensive study in advertisements by many linguists from such perspectives as phonetics , lexis , syntactics , cognitive features and cultural contents.
Significance of human papillomavirus for the diagnosis precancerous cervical diseases
in a preferred embodiment, both that non-catabolite-repressed promote and the natively catabolite-repressed promoter are selecte from the Proteobacteria; preferably gram negative Proteobacteria
Some callus were subsequetly induced into somatic embryo. Callus were transferred to MS added with 2.4-D 0.5mg/L+6-BA 0.5mg/L.
Objective To explove the therapeutic efficacy of flupentixol and melitracen combined with conventional medicine in patients with refractory functional bowel disorders(FBD).
Randomized Cntrolled Tial of Shuxuening Ijection Cmbined with Wstern Mdicine in the Teatment of Agina Pctoris of Cronary Heart Didease
Mice were anesthetized by intraperitoneal injection of a ketamine/xylazine mix on day 0, and by isoflurane inhalation on days 1, 2, 3, 4, and 7.
The specificity and affinity of m/hscFv25-TNFα were not markedly reduced from parental antibody HAb25 for SMMC-7721 antigen, which was confirmed by indirect immunofluorescent staining on target cell.
The priming or activation of the reaction is then achieved by any physical (temperature, UV etc.) or chemical means.
and one hybridoma OKT3 were eliminated under the treatment of 1ug/ml MC-210 for 7 days.
Prior to start of the treatment, a balloon 18 connected to catheter 12 is expanded inside the urine bladder. Unintentional extraction of the catheter 12 is thereby prevented.
Methods Serum concentration of ECP and tIgE was detected in 248 patients with urticaria and 40 normal controls by enzyme-linked immuno sorbent assay(ELISA),and allergen specific IgE was detected by immunoblotting method.
The activities of GPDA in 71.4 % cases of lung cancer with hepatic metastasis, 66.7 % cases of gastric cancer with hepatic metastasis and, 69.4 % cases of primary hepatocarcinoma were significantly higher than that in normal cases ( P < 0.01
suitably the monomer comprises any one of acrylic, vinylic and allylic monomers.
Fusion polypeptides between the receptors and other homologous or heterologous proteins are also provided.
AIM:To investigate vascular endothelial growth factor(VEGF) expression level and microvessles density(MVD) count in gingival tissues of patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus and periodontitis,and to study the role of VEGF in the disease.
It has not influenced laying hen's every blood physiological index notably, the chicken flocks are in normal physiological state (p> 0.05
however, accord to this invention, a high-lysine. alpha. -hordothionin or another genetically-engineered thionin designed for lysine enrichment and reduce toxicity to microorganisms could be used to decrease that levels of purothionin and increase the lysine content of barley, wheat, or other graminaceous plants.
Conclusion: Qiweibaizhu Powder can enhance IFN-gamma in blood serum of sulkling mice infected with HRV, and reduce TNF- alpha in blood serum.
Comparative Study on Growth and Wood Property of Six Pinus massoniana Families in Seed Orchard
Relation of Microstructure of Compound Formed by Collagen Combining Calcium Phosphate and Time
influence of microwave biological effect upon cells
A total of 16 transcripts were obtained, suggesting that 45W related genes had far more than five members as previously reported.
Grain size and morphology influence the yield and milling quality of bread wheat.
The radiation resistant cell clone RRC7 was 1.6 times as large in microRNA-21 expression level as the parent cell line U251 (FIG. 1a
the Schizandra chinensis baillon , the fruit of Schizandra chinensis , is known to improve eyesight and is expected to be effective for fatigue recovery , because it contains organic acids , saponin , etc .
ANALYSIS OF MICROSATELLITE SEQUENCES IN CHINESE SHRIMP FENNEROPENAEUS CHINENSIS GENOME
Most of the patients were from the south part of Anhui and the areas along Changjiang River in Anhui province.
An Experimental Study of the Antisenility Effect of Total Glycosides of Acanthopanax Bark
The reaction mixture then was diluted with ethyl acetate, poured into 2M potassium hydroxide, and extracted with ethyl acetate.
graphite is a crystalline form of carbon comprising atoms covalently bonded in flat layered planes with weaker bonds between the planes.
in its many embodiments, the present invention provides a novel class of pyrazolo[1, 5-a]triazine compounds as inhibitors of kinases such as, for example, cyclin dependent kinases, methods of preparing such compounds, pharmaceutical compositions containing one or more such compounds, methods of preparing pharmaceutical formulations comprising one or more such compounds,
Objective To summarize the clinical experiences in the treatment of hand deep burns.
Conclusion Needle knife therapy is an effective way to treat stenosing tenovaginitis of flexor digitorum.
According to the results,there are negative correlations between foreign language anxiety and PRETCO-B scores.Meanwhile,fear of negative evaluation and test anxiety debilitate students′vocabulary and listening items of PRETCO-B.
Conclusion ATP might inhibit the hippocampal CA1LTP by p38 MAPK activation in microglia.
Preparation and Stability of Medium-chain Fatty Acid-VC Complex Liposome
S/D ratios is highly correlated with the fetus prognosis.
Conclusion There was a higher level of body mass index in retired cadres compared with that in general population.Increased body mass index led to higher incidence of hypertension,diabetes and dyslipidemia.It is recommended to strengthen health education and prevent cardiovascular disease in cadres when they were in service.
Properties of and decoloration of orcein dye on epicholorohydrin-dimethylamine cationic polymer/bentonite nanocomposite adsorption material
Embryos examined at later stages ( > E 14 . 5 ) showed the same phenotypic pattern and the same proportion for each type of defect , but with increasing severity .
A acid-resistance α-amylase producing strain-ASA-1 was screened from vinegar grains, which was identified as candida aquatica belonging to candida genus. ASA-1 was used as startup strain to produce ASA-UD86 strain of higher amylase producing capability by UV mutation and DES complex mutation, the survival rate of amylase reached to 146 u/g. (Tran. by YUE Yang)
Alteration of Left Ventricular Early Diastolic Flow Propagation Velocity During Off-pump Coronary Artery Bypass
it can be use for remarkably improving that symptom of swelling pain, pricking pain, and vague pain of chest, unfix pain, fixed pain, or pain burst.
Effect of Soybean Parental Difference on F1 Yield Heterosis
Intervention on Apoptosis of Renal Tubular Epithelial Cell in Chronic Lead Poisoning Rats by Quqian Granules
Virus which modified with macromolecular to the capsid of virus through covalently conjugate or electrostatic interaction have lower immunogenicity and high tropism,and the modifications have little effect in their gene transduction efficacy.It is becoming an important modification method in adenovirus.
the alkyl halide / n-benzylphthalimide molar ratio, can in turn range from 4 to 10 and can be optimized each time, according to the greater or lesser reactivity of the halide selected and / or of the grignard reagent generated there- from.
The MI increasedwithin whole course and the serum estradiol level ele-vated slightly and stably
An electrochemical immunosensor was developed for the ultrasensitive measurement of α-fetoprotein based on electrochemical stripping analysis of silver nanoparticles catalytically deposited by nanogold labels.
69895 Said product has immunostimulating and antiaging effects. can be used for the treatment of cardiovascular diseases such as coronary heart disease, hypertension, arteriosclerosis, acute and chronic heart failure, pericarditis, pulmonary heart syndrome, rheumatic heart disease, mild heart failure, hypertensive heart disease, viral myocarditis, and myocardial infarction.
A buffer release zone is located upstream of the conjugate zone and provides for buffer addition to the device, the buffer serving to move the detection probes to the detection and control zones.
Induction of DNA double-strand breaks in hepatoma cell SMMC-7721 by accelerated carbon ion~(12) C~(6
A Chinese and western combined medicine for treating prostatitis is used by combining the following medicines: in parts by mass, 0.8 part of cotrimoxazole tablet, 0.4 part of norfloxacin pulvis, 0.5 part of ceftriaxone sodium injecting pulvis, 10 parts of forsythia suspense, 10 parts of cordate houttuynia, 10 parts of root bark of white mulberry, 9 parts of hippocampus and 9 parts of wolfberry.
preparing a vitamin E liposome suspension;
Effect of collagenase injected by different method on lumbar disc protrusion and imaging analysis
After the evolution of hydrogen was over, to this was added 4-chloro-3-nitrobenzotrifluoride (9.46 g, 42 mmol) and the mixture heated at reflux for 45 minutes
Enzymes of energy metabolism (nicotinamide, nicotiamidadenine, nicotiamidademindiphosphate) also belong to metabolic drugs.
This localization of the proteins of interest may simplify the removal of the protein from the plant.
A Numerical Study of Photochemical Reaction Mechanism of Ozone Variation in Surface Layer
Results A whirlpool area was formed within the carotid aneurysm.In patients with recurrence,the pressure of the recurrent aneurysm was significantly reduced after surgery,while the wall shear stress at the residual neck distinctly increased.Blood flow velocity increased sharply.
Studies on the correlation between the clinic and cell proliferation, multidrug resistance and apoptosis in childhood acute lymphoblastic leukemia
the CHO cell were treated with that indicate compounds ( at 50. mu. g/ml ) for 8 hrs.
the site in brackets are site which have been eliminated during cloning
Effect of Newcastle Disease Viruses on Morphology and the GABA Expression of Hypothalamus-pituitary-adrenocortical Axis in Ostrich Chicks
Liver function indexes were tested after two cycles of chemotherapy.Results: All those patients’ liver function improved after chemotherapy.
Study on Preparation and Properties of Poly (Maleic Anhydride-co-acrylamide) High Range Water-reducing Agent
Effect of Medicated Thread Moxibustion of Zhuang Traditional Medicine on SS of Pituitary in the Rat of Experimental Spleen Deficiency
The as-prepared CDs solution displayed a concentration quenching phenomenon and emitted the strongest fluorescence after being diluted 60 times.
Phase Ⅲ Clinical Trial of Kanserin
Objective To report 49 cases of adult interatrial septal defect with pulmonary hypertension operated and to evaluate their results
Expression of the Ghrelin in Mongolian Sheep Granulosa Cells and Luteinizing Granulosa Cells
Suspending polymer/polymer mixtures are used in the formulation in an amount from about 0.01% to about 3% total polymer, preferably between 0.1% and 0.6% total polymer.
Objective Preparation of anti human progesterone receptor (PR) and estrogen receptor (ER) monoclonal antibodies (McAb).
The transgenic line of Longjian127 can delay the symptoms, when the leaves of nontransgenic control wereall yellowing the flag leaves of the transgenic line were green or theyellowing area less than 1/3. No positive transgenic plants were found in theprogeny transformed with ORF 1.The seeds harvested after transformed with defective ORF2 weredetected through kananiycin screening, PCR analysis and southern blothybridization
The Study of Apoptosis in Cultured PC12 Cells Induced by β-Amyloid
Effect of in diet chrome on spermary tissue structure and generative hormone in plasma of breeder cocks under heat stress
The synthesis gas is subsequently fed to a fractionation device (Z) for separating off at least one hydrogen-rich fraction ( 7, 9 ) and one methane-rich fraction ( 10 ) and also a carbon monoxide product ( 6 ).
According to Evans modified classification method,7 cases were of Ⅲ type,24 of Ⅳ type and 11 of Ⅴ type.
The study shows that although there are similarities of explicitation between the two translations,Wong’s appears to be more faithful to the source text,while Goddard’s demonstrates more manipulations by the translator.
Determination of the Change of OTA in Luzhou-flavor Liquor Production by Enzyme-linked Immunosorbent Assay (ELISA)
This process may start within minutes but full adhesion and best recordings may require 1+ days in vitro.
The above results indicate that the expressions of MMP-20 and TIMP-1, TIMP-2 have time and cell differential diathesis, which coordinate in the formation of teeth hard tissue with each other
In contrast , senescent cells did not uptake transferrin as efficiently as presenescent cells .
Study of Polymorphism of STR D3S1359 Locus in Chinese Han population
Using the composition and method of the invention, increased gastrointestinal epithelial cell uptake of the amino acid glutamine by a factor of about 150* or more within ten seconds after administration has been demonstrated.
Mechanisms of development of these effects easily fit into the mechanisms of decongestants, anti-inflammatory and venotonic effects.
An exemplary aqueous graphite-based matrix solution is formed by mixing 14.4 grams of Kasil 2135 potassium silicate (commercially available from PQ Corporation, Valley Forge, Pa.), 9.4 grams of J sodium silicate (commercially available from PQ Corporation, Valley Forge, Pa.), 100 grams Electrodag 1530 graphite dispersion (commercially available from Acheson Colloids Company, Port Huron, Mich.) and in 128.9 grams of deionized water
The intracellular and extracellular activities of the strain 6.222 (isolated from soil and identified as moulds) were investigated. The optimum enzymatic reaction conditions of it were as follows: pH6.0, 50, 60min.
motion-free patient stretcher
23. The antibody of claim 21, wherein the activity comprises inhibiting OX40 signaling.
Patients in control group received routine treatment,verbal education and life guidance while patients in experimental group received therapeutic communication on the bases of routine care.
Twelve male SCID mice of 4 week old were divided into 2 groups at random and both YCD-K562B and K562B cells were implanted to each mice. 5-FC or saline was given i.p for 10 days after tumor developed, and relative tumor volume was measured every 3 days.
A further embodiment of the invention is a nucleic acid encoding a heavy chain and a light chain of an antibody according to the invention
Sinus rates are also a function of age.
They are best known for silencing HOX GENES and the regulation of EPIGENETIC PROCESSES
at the mid-way, Hb, RBC - SOD were increased with highly significant difference and significant difference(P<0. 01 and P <0. 05) than those after transport.
the achievement on that diagnosis and therapy in Kawasaki syndrome includes associate features, clinical phase of illness, unusual manifestations, differential diagnosis, laboratory features and immunologic feature, etology, cardiovascular manifestations and therapy.
This review summarizes the current knowledge concerning the expression and location of miRNA-338 and the regulatory network related to miRNA-338 in disease.
Metnods:78 cases targeted the diagnostic criteria were randomly divided into two groups.The treatment group(40 cases) orally took Taohongsiwutan combined with topical application with Wubaisan and the controj group(38 cases) only orally took Taohongsiwutan.Both groups were observed for 3 months.
Moreover, an unfriendly environment will exert a certain degree of mental pressure on the mental patients. This will not only constitute an obstacle to the rehabilitative process, but also increase the risk of relapse
Protective Effects of Shenzhi Jiannao Recipe on CA1 Area in Hippocampus of Rats with Vascular Dementia
However, we should know that millet does not contain as good protein nourishing values as rice because the formation of amino acid of the millet protein is not ideal due to its low a content of Lysine Hydrochloride and too high a content of leucine. Therefore, all the sub-healthy people should not have millet as the main food which should be scientifically matched with other kind of nutrition.
Clinically, most depression patients come through the process of rapid or chronic stress.
Objective To study the effect of anti sulfatide sera of the guinea pigs with experimental allergic neuritis (EAN) on cultured Schwann cells (SCs). Methods The SCs cultures from the dorsal root ganglia of the neonatal rats were established. The media with 10% sulfatide induced EAN sera for 12 h and the apoptosis of SCs was determined with the TUNEL staining and electron microscopy and the Fas protein and mRNA were respectively identified with immunocytochemistry
RESULTS: In vivo , compared with the control, P selectin and TXB 2 in all different dosage groups were significantly inhibited after 2 h, 8 h infusion of ISDN( P 0.05).
Intracranial tumors and sleep apnea hypopnea syndrome
study of chromosomal instability and mutagen susceptibility of that peripheral blood lymphocyte in patients with Primary Lung canc
A slurry of 0.4 g of triphenylacetic acid in 10 ml of benzene was stirred at 25.d egree. C. and treated with 0.2 g of oxalyl chloride and 1 drop of dimethylformamide.
Study on the Digested Nutrients of Different Diet in Sheep
study on control of molecular weight in homopolymerization of acrylic acid retan
FIG. 12 illustrates the insertion of a portion of plasmid pBSAGI5I into the primary alcohol oxidase (AOX1) locus of the Pichia chromosome.
The study of mechanism on antitumor effect of Alliin+Alliinase
Objective To explore the mechanisms of drug resistance of As 2O 3 in APL treament.
suitable cell for use in that present methods include insect cell, Schneider cells, and avian cells.
The diagnosis is often made clinically and by exclusion.
Strain 22 and EPL8 were identified as B. subtilis by VITEK-32 system and strain TB2 was identified as B. amyloliquefaciens by Biolog system.
Research progress on endothelial nitric oxide synthase uncoupling
ULTRASTRUCTURAL STUDY OF IRON DEPOSITION IN LIVER OF HEMOCHROMATOSIS PATIENT
Among 111 infants with infectious pneumonia, 20.7% had single viral or mycoplasmal infection, 40.5% had bacterial infection, 15.3% had viral and mycoplasmal infection with bacterial infection; 23.4% had infection with unknown agents
Results The proliferation activity of PRP and PRP+ mineralization-inducing medium treated SCAP were significantly higher than other groups(P <0.05).
PNS 100 mg/kg or same volume of normal saline was intraperitoneal injected pre or post-operation for corresponding subgroup once a day for 3 d.At the 4th day of the model established,the change of cerebral histomorphology in ischemia area was observed,the expression of NMDAR1 in brain tissue was detected by immunohistochemical staining.
THE EFFECT OF bcr/abl AS-ODN AND IFN IN VITRO BONE MARROW PURGING FOR CHRONIC MYELOGENOUS LEUKEMIA
introduction of that second amount of bone fill 182 will desirably continue until bone filler leak from the vertebral body appear imminent, the cortical bone has regained its pre-fractured position, and/or the practitioner determines that sufficient bone fill 180 has been injected into the bone.
Causative Analysis of Sampling Fail in Neonatal Diseases Screening and Its Countermeasures
Cladothrix violacea
Treatment of Leukemia by Allogeneic Peripheral Blood Stem Cell Transplantation from Sibling Donors
Study of the Changes of MDA and SOD after β Radiation Injury
The Study of Apoptosis Induced by Jointly Recombinant Human Growth Hormone with CDDP or MMC on Cultured Mouse Forestomach Carcinoma Cell (MFC)
CLINICAL PAIN-RELIEVING ACTION OF DIHYDROETORPHINE-REPORT OF 250 PATIENTS
Effects of CTLA4-Ig on T Lymphocyte Subsets in Rat Allograft Hepatocyte Transplantation Model
Calculation carried out by MM2 energy minimization shows that compound with more hydrophobic chains in a spacer of limited length is difficult to be synthesized.
Chronic diarrhoea leads to dehydration and emaciation.
study on make activated carbon from bamboo sawdust by phosphoric acid method
the use of 10% TFA also causes the partial removal of protecting groups in the peptide side chains.
Stability and Activity of Anti-microbial Dark Brown Compound from Leaves of Platanus orientalis
Relationship between Body Mass Index and Semen Quality and Serum Reproductive of Boer Bucks
Using real-time PCR and western blot,the expression of CXCR4 and MMP1 was confirmed to decrease.
Paroxetine, the first medication to receive an indication in the United States for the treatment of social anxiety disorder, has been shown to be effective in 50% to 60% of patients
chronic fatigue
In the 20-29 age group there has been a continuous reduction between the periods 1995-1998 and 2001-2004 in the specific fertility rate, which also substantially affects GFR because the majority of births occur among this age group.
The relationship between P-wave dispersion and paroxysmal atrial fibrillation
The component A is isocyanate, component B includes raw materials (by weight ratio of component B) of: amido end-sealing epoxy alkane compound of 55-70%, diethyl toluenediamine of 8-10%, 3,3'-diethyl-4,4'-diaminodiphenylmethane of 3-5%, phosphite triester of 5-7%, dihexandiol ester of 3-5%, N,N'-dialkyldiamine of 5-8%, N,N'-dialkylmethanediamine of 2-4%, and titanium dioxide of 4-6%.
Durningthe preparation of ceramics oxide (ZrO2, CeO2, and Y2O3) powders with precipitationmethod and hydrothermal method, weekly-agglomerated fine powders were preparedin the presence of PAMAM, but the agglomeration degree is increased in the absenceof PAMAM. Under hydrothermal conditions, the particle size and crystallizationdrgree of ceramic oxides (ZrO2 and CeO2) powders increase when the temperature isincreased, when the reaction is increased, the particle size is increased but thecrystallization drgree is changed unobviously
Objective To study the optimal surface properties of the TM implant.
Methods:Twelve ob / ob mice and 12 C57 / BL6J mice of 16 weeks old were selected respectively and qRT-PCR was used to detect the expression level of miR-143 in the mesenteric fat,liver and skeletal muscle tissue.
wherein one antibody called I is used to coat test lines, and the other antibody called II is used to label colloidal gold.
This form is considered a solid syrup of sugars generally having from about 0.5% to about 1.5% moisture.
the preparation method comprise pulverizing notoginseng radix in Araliaceae of Panax into coarse pow, reflux-extracting with ethanol of different concentrations, filtrating, recovering ethanol from filtrate to dryness
According to information indicated by Sysmex-XS800i blood analyzer,Specimens must be inspected by microscope test in time.Results should also be known by clinical doctors in time so that they can diagnose the infectious mononucleosis and find the therapies early.
When the unit 20 is activated and the probes 24A & 24B are applied to the face in a gentle gliding manner, the stimulation signal rehabilitates the muscles, improves circulation, texture and tone almost immediately, and continued use according to a weekly protocol provides lasting clarity and restores freshness to one's appearance.
It must also be noted that these bifurcated stents, of fixed dimensions, often occlude other branches near the bifurcation lesions, with consequent ischemia or incomplete revascularization.
the court went on to say that “female genital mutilation is not a right under the shariah because nowhere in the koran nor in the sunni precepts and traditions left by the prophet is there a text authorizing the practice of female genital mutilation”. the special rapporteur is, however, concerned about the potential loophole which allows female genital mutilation when “medically imperative”.
The results show that the height,dry weigh of sugar beet seedlings,and leaf area( except 9 mmol / L), relative water content,activities of GPX and CAT of leaves increased,while water potential of leaves decreased when the Na+concentrations were 0. 75-9 mmol / L. Na+promoted capacity of water absorption and preserving of sugar beet seedling.
Once obtained, sequences encoding the polypeptides are inserted into a recombinant vector capable of replicating and expressing heterologous polynucleotides in prokaryotic hosts.
Analysis of the Autoantibodies Against β_1 and α_1 Receptor in Hypertension with Renal Failure
insert amino acid residues can introduce a localized or overall conformational change in that immunoglobulin three-dimensional structure that alter binding affinity and/or specificity to a cognate receptor
As previously described, the system may provide a signal to indicate that elution is in progress, for example, light projector 100 (FIG. 1C) may project a flashing light signal during that portion of the elution process when eluate is diverted from generator 21 through waste line 305w and into waste bottle 23, and then a steady light signal during that portion of the elution process when the eluate is diverted from generator 21 through patient line 305p and into the test vial, for example, once activity detector 25 detects a dose rate of approximately 1.0 mCi/sec in the eluate discharged from generator 21
Study on Random Amplified Polymorphism DNA of Three Goat Breeds in Fujian
new polyvinyl alcohol was prepared by ion imprinting technology in which the copper ion was used as a template ion.Its capability of adsorption of copper ion was studied by absorbtion experiment.The results show that the gel has high absorbtion capability to copper ion.The absorbtion rate can reach 95.3%.The adsorption capacity of polyvinyl alcohol gel was superior to those of chemical synthesized copper ion templated polymer and non copper ion templated polyvinyl alcohol gel
Effects of ulinastatin and Xuebijing on hemodynamic parameters of rabbits with celiac open injury in seawater
Clinical evaluation of ANCA in sera of the patients with UC
Conclusion: Down-regulated expression of miR16 in the plasma may play an important role in the development and progression of SLE disease.
the AR is express in numerous tissues of that body and is the receptor through which the physiological as well as the pathophysiological effect of androgens, such as testosterone ( T) and dihydrotestosterone ( DHT), are mediated
The HPLC method was used to determine the degradation dynamics and final residues of hexythiazos in peach.
Synthesis of Rose Oxide
the invention relates to a tablet comprising a combination of a means for providing effervecency upon contact with water, as well as a soluble salt selected from the group consisting of acetate, urea, and mixtures thereof.
Tooth decay¨¨¡ê3Yreverses?¡ä¡Áa completely thanks to early treatment.
Objective:To evaluate the application value of the 3D-spiral CT in pelvic trauma.
And also there was a positive linear relationship in the dynamic degradation between DM( X) and CP( Y) of each ration( Y =38.588 2+0.443 2 X, r=0.857 3
however, if that whole colon is invol, the risk of cancer may be high.
The results demonstrated that,the two strains of isolates belong to P. mirabilis,and P. penneri(NBRC 105705strain)has the closest genetic relationship with P. mirabilis.
Methods: 82 cases of patients with genital warts treated in our hospital during February 2010 and August 2011 were randomly divided into two groups.50 cases in treatment group were treated with CO2 laser therapy combined with intramuscular injection of thymopentin;32 cases in control group were treated simply with CO2 laser.Therapeutic efficacy of the two groups were observed and analyzed after treatment.
Correlation analysis of P_(ET)CO_2 and PaCO_2 in patients with congenital heart disease
comparative study of~(99m) Tc-MIBI myocardial perfusion with SPECT imaging with coronary artery angiography
Acupuncture was one of the therapies to treat the epigastric pain. It got effect quickly
Applied anatomy of middle hepatic vein in cholecystic bed
Hayden Panettiere Back in Treatment for Postpartum Depression
Objective To eveluate the effect of different concentrations of alendronate(AL) on repairing of the defects in rat′s calvaria and the relationship between the effect and the concentration of AL.
The result shown as following:1. The most suitable sprout of scion is the 3rd~6th sprouts
48. The release of GMOs into the environment was of particular concern.
The composition has heat clearing away, antiinflammatory, blood lipid reducing, and blood pressure regulating effects.
Changes of TR3 Subcellular Location in Cardiomyocytes of Stressed Rats and Its Biological Mechanism
Epidemiological Analysis of Acute Flaccid Paralysis Cases Associated with Poliomyelitis Vaccine Virus in Guizhou Province from 1999-2001
Correlation between Integrin α5,β1 Subunit Expression in Renal Clear Cell Carcinoma and Its Clinical Implication
The benzaldehyde loaded oligonucleotide L1.1 in section 9.2, that has been reacted with the other three components to form the displayed molecule as describe above was mixed with the codon oligonucleotides L2, L3 and L4 together with the splint oligonucleotides S1, S2 and S3 (sequences shown below) and ligated using a ligase (T4 DNA ligase).
The fresh corn ear precise dissection machine is suitable for the precise slicing or dissection processing of fresh corn ears.
The expression of nuclear factor-kappa B in lipopolysaccharide-induced keratitis of rats and the effect of pyrrolidine dithiocarbamate on its expression
Analysis of the Epidemiological Trend of the Hand-Foot-Mouth Disease during 2008-2011 in Liuzhou
After adjustment for other factors, including mode of endovascular therapy, prior use of intravenous tissue plasminogen activator, and site of occlusion, pretreatment collateral grade was independently associated with recanalization.
Results The total effective rate of treatment group was significantly higher than that of the control group(P<0.01);The control time for pulmonary infection and the hospital time in the treatment group were significantly shorter than those of the control group(P<0.01);The mechanical ventilation rate and the death rate of the treatment group were significantly reduced than those of the control group(P<0.05).
Nursing on Neonate with Hemolytic Disease Treated with Light Therapy
The Clinical Research in the Treating Function Constipation by Acupoint Catgut Embeding
substitute Arylalkylthioalkylthiopyridines for use in that control of helicobacter bacteria
R6 represents hydrogen, hydroxy, halo, C1-4alkyl or C1-4alkyoxy-;
Progress on laboratory diagnostic methods of pathogenic Clostridium spp. infection
SHRSP; stroke susceptible spontaneous hypertensive rat
Results showed that the optimal conditions for transformation of R. wichuraiana was a bacterial concentration( OD600) of 0. 5,infection time of 30 min,co-cultivation time of 2 d,and acetosyringone concentration of 50 μmol /L.
Amino acids and mineral salts are also important components in edible bird's nest
since it is known that endothelial cells migrate under the influence of an applied field ,
Results and conclusion The sensitivity of MRI and MR arthrography for complete cuff tear was 90.6% and 100% respectively, and speciality was 96% and 97.6% respectively.
But organic acids spray had no significant impacts on the uptake of N,P,K in soil,and decreased the distribution rates of N,P in fruits.
synthesis and biological Activities of Toluene-4-sulfonic acid 2-Oxo-2-[3- ( 5-aryl-[1, 3, 4]oxadiazol-2-yl ) thioureido]ethyl ester
nibblingescharotomy and /or granulation wound skin graftingand 210 received ketamine intravenous anesthesia(88. 64 % of the total
hepatoprotective effect of liposomal glycyrrhizin on ethanol induced acute live injury in rats
Many foreign pertinent articles in the literature have reported the improvement of locomotion in hemiplegic patients treated with electrical stimulation. Either the foot-drop or the abnormal gait of the patients recovered their normal functions after a short period of application of electrical stimulation (so called functional electrical stiumlation, FES). The purpose of this paper is to give a review about the following topics briefly. (1) The historical development of neuromuscular FES, (2) The possible m...
intervertebral prosthetic device are available that are designed to be implant between that adjacent vertebrae to prevent the collapse of the intervertebral space between adjacent vertebrae while maintaining a certain degree of stability and range of pivotal and rotational motion therebetween
Most women with endometriosis have normal pelvic findings
Systematic Review of Treatment of Female Immune Infertility According to the Condition of Kidney
the subsequent fragment was excise from agarose gel with a QIAquick gel extraction kit ( Qiagen) according to manufacture's instructions and ligated into a binary vector containing a selectable mark gene
Power Exponential Generalization of Multivariate Janous Inequality
Effects of YVAD-FMK on complete cerebral ischemia-reperfusion injury in rats
To mature chestnut seed, droughtmade both of them descend. The desiccation tolerance of chestnut seed at differentdeveloping period displayed specifically to be 80d﹥90d﹥100d﹥70d﹥60d after anthesis. Chestnut seed after anthesis for 80 days displayed the strongest desiccation tolerance.
The present Example describes compositions and methods for the biosynthetic incorporation of 3aminoLtyrosine (see, FIG. 1; also written NH2YRS) into proteins using E.coli host cell translation machinery.
stratum supravasculare
Effect of Daming capsule on the L-type calcium channel protein mRNA expression in the cardiomyocyte of the type 2 diabetes rats
Detection of Ascorbic Acid by Ferrocene-Bridged Polysilsesquioxanes Modified Glassy Carbon Electrode
The karyotype formulae is 2n=2X=24=2m(2SAT)+2sm+6st+14t. The type of the karyotype belongs to 3A. The karyotype asymmetry(As.K%) was 81.37%.
Monoclonal antibodies (APAAP' method) was used to quantitate the total T cells (CD3+) ,T helper/inducer cells (CD4+) ,T suppressor/killer cells (CD8+)of peripheral blood in 35 cases of children with Wilms tumors.
7. There were some differences between the r a -Gal quantities of expression with different vectors, the methanol inducing vector, pPICZ a A was better than that of the constitute vector pGAPZ a A.
A device for electrokinetic delivery of medicament to a treatment site includes a cartridge having an active electrode and a membrane overlying the active electrode and a medicament or a medicament and an electrically conductive carrier therefor, carried by the membrane in electrical contact with the electrode.
Prokaryotic expression,purification and identification of VAMP-2
(b) a protein which consists of an amino acid sequence having deletion, substitution and/or addition of one or more amino acid residues in the amino acid sequence of SEQ ID NO: 2 and which has sorbose dehydrogenase activity;
the study of circadicon blood pressure variability in that patient with hypertension and obstructive sleep apnea
Study on Design Synthesis and Bioactivity of Ferrocenesulfonylureas (Ferrocenesulfonamides)
MMP-9, DEFB4, CTSS, IL-17B, CARD10, BGN, BE, IL-12A, IL-6, LCN8, LPO and MMP-13, wherein the down-regulation of the biomarker(s) correlates with a reduction in at least one symptom associated with the periodontal disease.
Surveillance and analysis on nosolomial infection in Cardiac surgery Intensive Care Unit
Endogenous Human FMRP Protein Detection Primary Human Fibroblasts
study of Postthrombotic syndrome of that leg by hemodynamic
some stimulation lead are designed to be insert into a patient percutaneously,
each Re is independently selected from the group consisting of (C1-C6) alkyl, (C3-C8) cycloalkyl, cyclohexyl, (C4-C11) cycloalkylalkyl, (C5-C10) aryl, (C6-C16) arylalkyl, 2-6 membered heteroalkyl, 3-8 membered cycloheteroalkyl, 4-11 membered cycloheteroalkylalkyl, 5-10 membered heteroaryl and 6-16 membered heteroarylalkyl
Objective: To study the relationship between changes of transcranial Doppler (TCD) and nailfold microcirculation in paroxysm interval of patients with migraine.
This hybrid collagen patch can now be used for both a hemostatic barrier at the bottom of the lesion (most proximal to the surface to be repaired) as well as a support for cartilage formation because the distal surface can be the porous side of the collagen patch and thus encourage infiltration of chondrocytes and cartilage matrix.
Prevention and treatment of bile duct injury during cholecystectomy
Study on the adjusting blood lipid of rats by oligomeric proanhocyanidins
Results: No expression of caspase-2, P53 positive cells were found in normal contral group.At the ischemia-reperfusion model group, the expression of caspase-2, P53 began to increase at 1 hours after reperfusion.At 24 hours after reperfusion the expression reached the peak, kept expressing strongly at the 48th hour, and decreased at the 72nd hour.The treatment groups of rh-bFGF had the same trend with the ischemia-reperfusion model group in each index.
Conclusion The fusion protein EGFP-VP6 was successfully expressed in MA104 cells and distributed mainly in the cytoplasm and no viroplasms could be seen,which was differ widely from the VP6 protein synthesized in the rotavirus-infected cells.
isothermal crystal dynamic
The fibroblasts of 16 cases of hypertrophic burn scars (HBS) and 5 cases of normal skins were observed by electron microscopy.
The anti-inflammatory and anti-allergic effects of Cortex Moutan Radicis were reported
include, but are not limit to, beet extract, grape skin extract
This method showed rather good correlation with Farr's Assay(82.3%).
The present invention discloses a synthesis emulsion for an aqueous metal paint and a preparation method thereof, wherein the synthesis emulsion is prepared by carrying out core/shell emulsion polymerization on vinyl tertcarbonate, methyl methacrylate, butyl acrylate, acrylic acid, hydroxyethyl acrylate, a reactive emulsifier, a potassium persulfate aqueous solution, a multifunctional additive NP-95, a leveling agent 2020 and deionized water.
Protein may be used in a range between 1% and 10% by weight.
Preferably, the device for treatment of infections may be made of a material selected from the group including bone cements and reabsorbable or biodegradable bone cements.
Objective To evaluate the value of computer aided design in the treatment of femur tumor.
Total mercury concentrations of whole blood and total mercury in various organs were statistically significantly correlated(P<0.01).The detection limit was 0. 002 μg · L-1,and the recovery tested by adding standards ranged from 92. 1% to 108. 5%.The method was simple and high sensitivity,which provided a basis for study of concentrations of mercury in different tissues of biologies.
Biological Characteristics and Biological Therapy of Salivary Adenoid Cystic Carcinoma
Patients with higher DO 2 had a good outcome if they did not receive large doses of dopamine or dobutamine
Conclusion Serum adiponectin concentrations are decreased in newly diagnosed type 2 diabetic patients, when accompanied microalbuminuria, the level of serum adiponectin even lower;
Conclusion Comprehensive treatment by municipal and community hospitals may be an effective way to improve the management effect for patients with diabetes mellitus.
The ITS rDNA sequences of strain JL1 was naturally clustered with ITS rDNA sequences of Saprolegnia sp.submitted to GenBank with 99% of homology,and had closest relationship with Saprolegnia sp.H(accession number: EF460351).
The HBV-DNA level less than 500 copies/ml occurred in 88. 1%(119/135) patients with single-drug therapy and 85. 5%(71/83) patients with combined-treatment regimen(P > 0. 05).In term of incidence of genotypic resistance,it was 11. 9%(16/135) in single-drug group and 3. 6%(3/83) in combined-treatment group(P < 0. 05).
Research on Using 6/66/610 Copolymerized Nylon Resin for Modifying Epoxy Adhesive
accommodative intraocular lens can provide to cataract patients postoperatively for effictive solution to solve the presbyopia.
The research results show that magnolol has a prominent inhibitory effect on the liver CYP2E1 enzyme activity of rats which are fed with food high in sugar and fat and have type II diabetes induced by low-dose STZ, has a prominent protection effect on the rat liver oxidative stress injury caused by the CYP2E1 enzyme high-expression, and is capable of obviously reducing the blood glucose level and blood lipid level of diabetic rats.
such as plasma or serum
Clinical Analysis of China-Made Hypoderm Contraceptive TypeⅡ (460 Cases Report)
these types of implantable cardiac devices typically have one or more leads that are positioned adjacent the walls of the heart and a control unit which receives signals indicative of the functioning of the heart.
[Conclusion] Synergistic/additional effect was observed in fosfomycin combined with levofloxacin,ciprofloxacin,cefuroxime,ceftazidime,cefepime,cefoperazone/sulbactam,amikacin,meropenem and imipenem/cilastatin against acinetobacter in vitro.The antimicrobial activities of combination were increased.
However,apparent differences in the molecular weights,amounts and time of occurrence of depolymerization were found for the two peach cultivars,suggesting that peach softening can be affected by the pattern of depolymerization of polysaccharides.
Research on Genetic Diversity of Sweet Potato Germplasm
Nosocomial Pulmonary Infection in Elderly Patients with Long-term Mechanical Ventilation
Effect of Nitrogen and Mineralization of Soil Nitrogen on Growth and Quality of Flue-Cured Tobacco
Surgical Treatment of 226 Patients with Primary Carcinoma of the Gallbladder
such as a drug, a vaccine, or an antitoxin, that is synthesize from living organism or their products and used medically as a diagnostic, preventive, or therapeutic agent
Comparison of Flow Cytometry Detection Results of Platelet Activation Marker CD62p by Different Treatment Methods
The dose measuring device (106) is for measuring an X-ray dose of the X-ray beam (104) in at least one selected (110, 112) of a plurality of measurement fields (108 to 114) after transmission of the X-ray beam (104) through the object under examination (102),
The results showed that in the asthmatic guinea pigs infected with parainfluenza virus 3, airway responsiveness became stronger (P< 0.01 ), the number of macrophages and eosinophils in BALF increased (P< 0.01 ), and substance P content elevated (P< 0.05 ) as compared with control.
The Microwave Synthesis of Cyclohexanone Glycol Ketal Catalyzed by Activated Carbon Supported p-Toluene Sulphonic Acid
The invention provides a molecular specificity labeling primer capable of identifying European boletus sibling species B.appendiculatus and B.subappendiculatus, and a method for quickly identifying the European boletus sibling species B.appendiculatus and B.subappendiculatus by using the primer.
A swarm spore root inoculating method of the invention can do inoculation strictly and quantificationally, avoids overlarge inoculum concentration to result in that the original disease resistant variety is in susceptibility, thereby ensuring to be more effective and accurate in the application of the filtration of the anti-source;
When TFD 50mg+10% glucose solution 500ml, iv. gtt, gd×3mo. to combine with chemotherapy treatment, compared with chemotherapy alone.
Methods and composition of induction of pluripotent stem cells are disclosed.
Conclusions The phenotypic confirmatory tests for CTX-M enzymes can be detected only by CTX and CTX/ Clavulanic acid effectively.
By abstracting the characteristics and analyzing them to the linear object about air station pathway, the aerodrome objects are indirectly analyzed.
29. mr. duran (venezuela) said that his delegation continued to regard all discrimination based on race, religion, or national or ethnic origin as unlawful, while racial discrimination, xenophobia and other forms of intolerance were to be condemned.
The results of the experiment showed that NK cells activities increased both in BFT group and in BFT+chemotherapy group obviously, as compared with the control group and with chemotherapy group (\%P\%<0.05) respectively.
Very interestingly completely different results were obtained with muscle mitochondria
The Meaning-guidance of PPH Treating Rectal Mucosa Spondylolisthesis on Simulation Defecography
Therefore,wheat EST-SSR markers had high transferability to the Gramineae species,and will be useful in genetic and breeding research on potential Gramineae energy plants.
since august 2000, the who global advisory committee on vaccine safety (gacvs) has periodically reviewed available information on thiomersal pharmacokinetic studies in humans (including low birthweight infants) and in monkeys and has assessed the validity of animal models in studying associations between thiomersal and neurobehavioural disorders in humans:
Modern pharmaceuticals enable patients with severe mental illness to live at home, with intensive support from psychiatrists, registered nurses and social workers.
Changes and role of arginine vasopressin in acute traumatic cerebral injury
Among initiators of AHT, 58% were adherent to treatment for the year after initiation
upper limb function training measurer used after operation for breast cancer
The change was reflected in their behaviour as the mice developed better memories and quicker thinking.
incidence rule of congenital choledochal cyst
By the study in rats described herein before it is demonstrated that the concentration of phenytoin in the extracellular fluid (ECF) of the cerebral cortex can be enhanced by coapplication of a P-gp inhibitor, especially PSC833.
Results The disease incidence rate of the hypertension, the high blood fats, the gynecology, the abnormal ECG and the famale disease for feminine teaching and administrative staff respectively is: 13.83 %, 15.23 %, 7.20 %, 15.93 %, 65.47
impact of amino acid availability on that protein digestibility correct amino acid score
After addition of triethylamine ( 120 L , 0 . 86 mmol ) , pmethoxybiphenyl sulfonyl chloride ( 182 mg , 0 . 64 mmol ) is added and the solution stirred overnight at room temperature .
Methods Two hundred and forty patients in our hospital were randomly divided into group A and B,group A were taken by simeticone,group B was the control group.
Such derivatives are able to mimic FTY720 pharmacokinetics and physicochemical activities.
24 months after wearing glasses, the ratios of groupⅠ,Ⅱ,Ⅲ and Ⅳ with uncorrected visual acuity over 1. 0 were 59. 5%,54.4%,53.2% and 45. 6% respectively.Accordingly, the ratios of groupⅠ,Ⅱ,Ⅲ and Ⅳ with uncorrected visual acuity between 0. 8 and 1. 0 were 15. 2%, 19. 0%, 13. 9% and 10. 1% respectively.
The higher DO was,the less amount of carbon release would be at the temperature of 30℃ with cellulose decomposing bacteria.
Spores formed and aged in soil are found to be more heat resistant than those formed and aged in broth or agar. Natural environmental conditions are evidently more conducive to the development of heat resistant spores than conditions prevailing in artificial cultures. The prolonged action of metabolic wastes from cells appears to decrease the heat resistance of spores.
The Epidemic Situation and Etiological Study of Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome(SARS)
Effects of pH Value on the Adsorption and Degradation of 2,4-DCP by Nanoscale Zero-Valent Iron
synthesis of Quaternary ammonium imidazoline and study on its inhibition action and adsorption behaviors on A_3 steel in hydrochloric solution
Abstract The resistance of tumor cells to drugs is a major obstacle to effective cancer chemotherapy. The major mechanism of drug resistance is associated with over expression of human multidrug resistance gene(Mdr1).This gene encodes a transmenbrane P-glycoprotein, which acts as an effiux pump and results in decreased intracellular drug accumulation. The levels of Mdr1 mRNA in tissue samples of 13 senile and presenile patients with gastric carcinoma were quantitatively ineasured by RT-PCR...
and the second polymer being a poly ( p-dioxanone ) polymer , rich in poly ( p-dioxanone ) .
Synthesis and Properties of a Novel Room-temperature Ionic Liquid Hexaalkylguanidium Salts
Aim The purpose of this study was to compare the differential expression of 15-lipoxygenase isoenzymes in the pulmonary arteries between normoxia and hypoxia and to explore their roles in the formation of hypoxic pulmomary vasoconstriction
The invention provides a preparation method for a recombinant human interleukin 29 (hIL-29) variant and a pichia pastoris engineering strain for expressing the recombinant hIL-29 variant.
Difference of Amino Acid in Castanea mollissima between Varieties and Yield Areas and Analysis On Its Nutrient Value
Methods: According to the microbial limit test method set forth in the Chinese Pharmacopoeia of 2010 edition, the conventional method, medium dilution method and membrane filtration method were used for the recovery determination of the varieties of bacteria, mould and yeast, the antibacterial property of drugs was tested through the recovery determination, and the different control bacteria were determined by the direct inoculation method.
Effect of Repeated Psychological Stress on Metabolism of Catecholamine and Tyrosine
the amino acid sequences of the hiv proteins that form the fusion protein are preferably sequences that are encoded by known hiv isolates,
1. The wash liquor contained a direct dye, such that initial optical density of the wash solution at the maximum optical absorption of the dye in the visible (400-750 nm) was 1.0 with a 5 cm path length.
Methods In this double blind trial 50 patients were randomly assigned to treatment with interferon α2b (3 MU three times a week) in combination with ribavirin (1 050 mg per day) or interferon α2b alone for 24 weeks and then followed for a further 24 weeks.
5. The kit for detecting tumor markers for diagnosing colon cancer and colon adenoma according to claim 4, wherein said tumor markers are a combination of COX-2 and MMP-7, a combination of COX-2, SNAIL and MMP-7 or a combination of COX-2 and SNAIL.
Methods: Subjects were measured with OrbscanⅡcorneal topography system. Anterior and posterior corneal radius of curvature and thickness of the points located 1.5 mm, 2.5 mm, 3.5 mm and 4.5 mm away from the corneal apex on certain meridians, including 0°, 30°, 60°, 90°, 120°, 150°, 180°, 210°, 240°, 270°, 300°and 330°meridians, were collected
Lymphocyte function of tonsil in IgA nephropathy (IgAN)
The Republic's infant mortality rate for the period from 1993 through 2004 has declined (40.7 per 1,000 live births in 1993, 30.7 in 1997 and 13.9 for the first quarter of 2004).
Furthermore,the concentration of reducing sugar in culture filtrate of strain FJAT-9290decreased faster than strain FJAT-282;starch was conducive to the growth of mycelium of strain FJAT-9290,glucose was conducive to its sporulation,xylose was not conducive to the growth of mycelium of strain FJAT-282,fructose was conducive to its sporulation;organic nitrogen was benefit to the growth of mycelium,ammonium salt was not conducive to the growth of hypha,but also to the sporulation.
CONCLUSIONS Neuraxial analgesia of combination of levobupivacaine and fentanyl can shorte the first active stage of delivery and prolongthe length of the second stage of delivery,While it can not affect the length of the third stage of delivery.It rise the level of NO obtained from the samples of venous blood and can not affect the leve of NO from cord blood.It can not affect the leve of PGE2.
b. Glucose standard consisted of 20 ml 0.25M sodium acetate buffer plus 500 mg glucose.
The incidence of youth male group was higher than that of the middle-aged male group and the difference was statistically significant.
Professional Quality Training of Breast Surgeon
Objective To evaluate the clinical effects of inhaled nitric oxide( NO) on patients with refractory hypoxemia after open heart surgery.
inhibition of Gossypol on rabbit sperm Acrosomal enzyme in vitro
histopathological characteristic of delayed brain injury affect by hyperbaric oxygen after acute carbon monoxide poisoning in rat
Objective To explore the diagnosis and treatment of senile patients with acute intestinal obstruction.
Above-cited U. S. Patent No. 5,688,792 discloses that the subject antibiotic oxazolidinone compounds, including linezolid, can be formulated as liquid form compositions including solutions.
Arterial baroreflex function in conscious rats
example 3 this example demonstrates that abrasive particles having a positive zeta potential can be charge reversed upon contact with a charge-reversing agent and coated with a positively-charged polyelectrolyte to produce stable polyelectrolyte-coated abrasive particle dispersions. l00401 a dispersion of fumed alumina ( 3 wt. %, zeta potential = + 30 to + 40 mv at ph 6 ) was mixed with tartaric acid ( 1.25 wt. % ).
Guiding effect of a new assessment mode for diagnostics on clinical courses teaching
the overall conversion to nitriles for the above catalysts typically was in the range of about 86 % to about 88 %.
Organic solvent method was employed to extract carotenoids from carrot powder.Through the single factor experiment,extraction temperature,time and the ratio of liquid to carrot powder respectively on the yield of carotenoids were screened.
Pain improvement after operation: In the radiofrequency group, there were 9 cases with excellent grade, 10 with good and 2 with bad
Cinacalcet hydrochloride (0.1 g) was suspended in 6 mL of toluene and then filtered
the structure of WPU emulsion was analyze and characterized by FT - IR, Malvern particle size analyze, GPC and TEM
hernial protrusion of gravid uterus through abdominal rectu muscl
Objective:To investigate the effect of reinfusion of concentrated ascites after isolated ultrafiltration in patients with refractory ascites.
Effect of microsomal triglyceride transfer protein(MTP) gene polymorphism on angiopathy in type 2 diabetes
in addition to synthesis use that Grignard reagent, the compound of formula 14 may also be synthesized by react an alkoxy silane halide with a dialkyl amine as described later.
Similar signalling peptides are also found in cytokine receptors.
Studies on Construction of TaLea3 Gene Plant Expression Vector and Agrobacterium Tumefaciens-mediated Genetic Transformation of Salvia Miltiorrhiza Bunge
The Survey and Analysis of the Young Athletes'(Age From 16 to 22) Mental Health
These drugs, called checkpoint inhibitors, have been approved by the Food and Drug Administration to treat advanced melanoma, Hodgkin lymphoma and cancers of the lung, kidney and bladder. More drugs in this class are in the pipeline. Patients are clamoring for checkpoint drugs, including one, Keytruda, known to many as “that Jimmy Carter drug” which, combined with surgery and radiation, has left the former president with no sign of recurrence even though melanoma had spread to his liver and brain.
Comparison of diagnosis and clinical analysis of nasopharyngeal carcinoma between CT and MRI
By operating in this manner, a protein aggregate free solution results from protein aggregates being retained by media unit 16 having the negatively charged microporous coated media prefilter taught herein, while protein monomers and the like pass through the media unit 16.
The islet yield showed negative correlation to the trypsin activity of the solution after incubation (r=-0.44, P=0.13). The trypsin activity in case of higher islet yield (≥8 000 islet/g pancreas) was significantly lower than that of less islet yield (<8 000) in the solution after incubation (137.5±48.4 vs.78.3±26.7 BAEEU, P<0 05).
in a preferred embodiment, that framework region ( FRs) of the light and heavy chain variable regions of the humanize MN-14 antibody or fragment thereof comprise at least one amino acid substituted from the corresponding FRs of a murine MN-14 monoclonal antibody
Results:Each cDNA was cloned from HepG2.2.15 cells, sequence analysis revealed identity to the GenBank report
Twenty-three cases of rare ectopic pregnancy which occurred between 1967 and 1986 are reported. The group included 17 ovarian, 2 cervical, 3 abdominal pregnancies, and 1 combination tubal and intrauterine pregnancy. This group accounted for 3.6% of all ectopic pregnancies occurring during this period. It is difficult to diagnose ovarian pregnancy prior to surgery but the treatment is the same as that for tubal pregnancy. The diagnosis of intra-abdominal pregnancy must not be confused with that of intr...
Digestive Tract Reconstruction in Distal Stomach Instrument Radical Resection of Application
The results indicted that CMs were released by feeding β-CM or casein hydrolysate, and can enhance opioid activity in gut-gastric tract of 21 days' weaning piglets.
Collage n synthesis and expression of collagen IV and FN mRNA were investigated by 3 H-proline incorperation an d RT-PCR .
Further, the chiral agent is an optically active substance, and the optical purity of which is preferably higher and the optical purity higher than or equal to 99% is preferred the most
The method comprises the steps that methyl alcohol, glutaraldehyde and diethyl ether are mixed, and PBS buffer solutions are used for attenuation; saccharose is added to the solutions to be fully mixed, a pH value is regulated, and the stationary liquid for the slicing is obtained.
of the 13 peptides synthesized ,
such compound are useful in that treatment of inflammatory diseases in a mammalian patient, e. g., human, such as asthma, Alzheimer's disease, atherosclerosis, AIDS dementia, diabetes, inflammatory bowel disease, rheumatoid arthristis, tissue transplantation, tumor metastasis and myocardial ischemia.
in addition, that inventor have expressed the domain only, without the GH61 enzyme and demonstrate that the CBM alone can bind cellulose, such as Avicel
Results In B16 melanoma cells,Rh2(18. 5 μmol/L)induced dendrite formation within 2 h,which could be suppressed by depletion of cholesterol by pretreatment with 10 mmol/L MβCD.
ai noted that figures released by the prison system showed that inmate deaths as a result of homicide are six times the rate in the wider population.
A Primary Study on the Effects of WR-2721 on Blast Trau-ma-induced Hearing Loss in the Guinea Pigs
Clinical observation of desloratadine in the therapy of factitious urticaria.
Research advances of assessment of pain to the elderly patients with cognitive disorders
And also, probe into the modified mechanism of polythene
the process comprises reacting a L-lysine protected polypeptide, which comprises L-alanine, L-tyrosine, L-glutamate,
Mechanism of Fungal Pathogenesis in Insect and Strain Improvement by Gene Engineering
[Objective]To analyze and evaluate the uncertainty in determination of Cd in rice powder by FAAS.
Study on Toxicity Observation and Rational Processing Use of Radix et Rhizoma Rhei on the Basis of Hepatic Injury Animal Model
The effect of Huangqi on renal ischemia-reperfusion injury
Results The average peak value of serum CK MB was (248 2±154 9) u in the observed group, much higher than a value of (108 6±64 2) u in the control group
Mobile phase consisted of methanol-0. 05mol.L-1 ammonium acetate solutions-acetic acid(62:37:1),The flow rate was 1. 0mL.min-1 and the UV detection wavelength was 250nm.
technology for extract amino acids from residual medicine dreg generated in production of erythromycin
the CT finding of pararenal space involvement in acute pancreatitis
Detection of Serum Lp(a) Level in Encephalopathy Patients: Clinical Significance
The transformation products showed abundant diversities by HPLC analysis, 6 derivatives were isolated and identified with NMR, MS and FTIR
To determine whether:1)critically ill children with TAMOF syndrome have decreased ADAMTS-13 activity,2)ADAMTS-13 activity correlates with platelet counts and VWF antigen,3)the autopsies from patients who died with reduced ADAMTS-13 activity have VWF-rich microthrombi,and 4)intensive PEx will restore ADAMTS-13 activity and facilitate organ failure resolution.
Synthesis of pH-sensitive Polymeric Hydrogel and Studies of Its Drug Release Property
Qualifying subjects were stratified into two balanced treatment groups, according to their baseline plaque and gingivitis index scores.
Results Dry eye symptoms were improved in both groups.Symptom alleviation was significantly better in trial group.
Leukocytes density and interleukin-8 expression in the lower uterine segment during term parturition.
subsequently cell were resuspended in 10 ml of 0. 5*YPDA/Kan medium.
Objective: It is to assess the effects of puerarin injection on neural function and living quality in patients with acute cerebral infarction
Objective: To study the corelation of tumor necrosis factor (TNF) on bcl-2 gene expression and cell cycle in U937 cells.
14. The use according to claim 13, wherein the RNA virus is hepatitis C virus.
the Berberis fruit extract provide by that invention is of great significance in preparation of anticancer drugs,
nicotinergic receptor
By fusion of the DB with the fibroblast, pp65 protein gets released into the cytoplasm of the target cell.
In fact, only about 10% of dopamine remains in corpus striatum in case of patient of last stage of Parkinson's disease as compared to healthy people.
Effects of solvents on the structure and properties of starch acetate membranes
in ord to improve wood quality with molecular breeding technique, it is necessary to deeply understand that molecular mechanisms of wood formation, to study the function of key genes controlling wood formation and interaction mechanism of these genes.
Result:The nursing safe of the patients was ensured,the nursing defects and nursing disputes were decreased.
The white solid was purified using reverse phase HPLC (20-90% ACN) to yield the title compound as a white solid (1.03 g).
The left ventricles of the rabbits were obtained for light and electronic microscopic observation. Results Contrast to group S, LVEDP, CK and CK-MB in other groups gradually increased respectively(P<0.01), and ±dp/dt decreased(P<0.01
Method for quickly detecting content of glucose in starch fermentation liquor
(2) To investigate the composition of IH cells by a series of maker antigens.
in this dissertation, amphidiploid specie Cucumis hytivus containing whole sour cucumber genome, in which there is resistant gene to downy mildew, was backcross to cultivated cucumber and its progenies were selfed. that identification of resistance, morphology, cytology and RAPD mark were done to above progenies, and cucumber primary alien translocation line CT-01 with resistance to downy mildew was identified. genetic stability of CT-01 was analyzed by testing its advanced selfed-progenies continuously
Method for preparing fermentation broth rich in xylose and arabinose from broadleaf wood xylose production waste liquid
Saccharomyces cerevisiae INVSc1 (Invitrogen Ltd.) was transformed with the obtained library, and the grown colony was replicated in an expression plate, to then confirm expression and mutation introduction by a plate assay (FIG. 5).
A clinical study on the instability of carotid plaques in ischemic cerebrovascular patients
Patients with injuries of the brain stem or hypothalamus had significant higher incidence of UGB than others.
Anterior superior mediastinum Castleman disease misdiagnosed as thymoma:Case report
Methods The nursing experience in 54 patients with rheumatic heart disease combined with atrial fibrillation treated with valve replacement and radio frequency ablation was summarized including monitoring heart rate,cardiac rhythm,reasonably use of amiodarone,standardized use of temporary pacemaker,maintaining cardiac function,keeping cardiac function,observing drainage volume and instructing them to take oral anticoagulant drugs.
Nine patients with thehighest white cell counts> 50 ¡Á10£þ9/L were treatedwith harringtonine or hydroxyurea in addition to A-TRA and CR was achieved in eight (88. 9%).
Results The expression of ABCG2 in colorectal cancer was significantly higher than that in normal tissue(P<0.001).
in contrast, at that post genome era, to interpret a cell as a system, it is require to develop a means for analyze, with a high sensitivity, from which gene mRNA expressed in individual single-cells is derived, and how much amount the mRNA is present.
include, but are not limit to, ascorbic, succinic, tartaric, glyconic, gulonic, citric, lactic, malic, maleic, acetic, formic, gluconic pyruvic, propionic, butyric, itaconic acids and mixture thereof.
The optimal synthesis conditions obtained by an orthogonal experiment were as follows: temperature of 110℃,microwave power of 45W,irradiation time of 45min and catalyst concentration of 0. 1mol%.
There was an apparent statistical significance for the types of time signal intensity curves between benign musculoskeletal masses and malignant ones( P < 0.005
investigation on interleukin-1 receptor antagonist gene polymorphism in old men with osteoporosis
Dynamic contrast - enhanced CT of the liver: optimal scan factors determined by orthogonal experiment
13 . the method of claim 1 wherein : the particles are solder metal particles ; and coating the particles with a coating medium comprises coating the particles with a material selected from the group consisting of a ) aliphatic acids , b ) aromatic acids , c ) monocarboxylic acids , d ) dicarboxylic acids , e ) tricarboxylic acids , f ) amino acids , g ) sulfonic acids , h ) sulfamic acids , i ) phophinic acids , j ) phosphonic acids , and k ) mixtures thereof .
Compare Immune Effects of the Imported and Native Influenza Vaccines in Serology
Human gastric carcinoma anti-tumor gene therapy through CD/5-FC system in vitro
Conclusion The PF and TTP of CT perfusion parameters are significantly correlated with MVD.CT perfusion parameters can reflect the angiogenesis of cardia cancer and provide more valuable information for patient’s prognosis.
A Study of Relationship between CD59 Mutagenisis and Protein Glycation
In types I (ASS with kinetics abnormalities) and III (no detectable ASS activity) abnormalities are expressed in all the tissues (liver, kidneys, fibroblasts) while in type II, where the deficiency is caused by a decreased amount of enzyme protein abnormalities are expressed in the liver but not in the kidneys and fibroblasts (Saheki et al., 1985, 1987).
investigation on that Wave-Absorbing property and mechanism of Self-Assembled Nano Multi-Layers
α1 isoform is expressed ubiquitously among tissues, whereas theα2 andα3 isoform mainly exist in excitable cells.
Transmission electron microscopy images reveal that bamboo shaped thinner wall nanotubes with a higher yield are produced with nickel/ferrocene and cobalt/ferrocene as catalysts, whereas thicker wall nanotubes with a lower yield are generated with cob
study advance in pathogenesis and prevention and cure of corneal haze after LASEK
All molecular weight determinations are made by Gel Permeation chromatography (GPC).
in another prefer embodiment, one or more first nucleic acid sequences which encode one or more flavin biosynthetic enzyme which results in that mutant being capable of producing flavin, are introduce into the mutant.
In another of its aspects, the present invention provides a method for increasing the resistance or tolerance of a plant to a biotic or abiotic environmental stress comprising the step of administering to the surface of said plant N-acetylcysteine amide (NAC amide) in an amount effective to induce said resistance or tolerance in the plant.
Japanese Patent Application Publication No. 2002-193861 (JP-A-2002-193861) discloses that a fullerene polymer having proton conductivity may be synthesized by introducing a sulfonic acid group into a fullerene, which is a carbon allotrope, and crosslinking the fullerene derivatives with a biphenyl or the like.
Changes of i in nucleus accumbens,hippocampus and medial prefrontal cortex were detected with laser scanning confocal microscope(LSCM) by using Ca2+-sensitive dye fluo-3 as a calcium fluorescent probe.
Methods:37 eyes of 37 patients with idiopathic macular hole underwent vitrectomy combined gas tampo nade.According to the disease,some measures can be taken,including crystal i ntraoperative resection line,value-added membrane peeling,internal limiting m embrane peeling,gas-liquid exchange,C3F8 gas injection,observing postope rati ve hole closure,visual acuity improvement,etc.
Results:The treatment group had a better effect on improving the LH and P and E2 levels,the ovulation percentage and the gestation percentage than the control group(P<0.05).
A blade is disposed at an end to the tube for performing the surgery.
Objective To study the ultrastructural changes of pulmonary gland cancer cell line Anip973 after6 MV X-ray irradiating with different doses.
The Esterification Catalyzed by Hydrated Sulphates--The Relationship Between Reaction Constant and Catalyst
The BV antibody of Guangxi Primate laboratory animals were detected by the antigen of HSV 1、BV and BV DIA dot.
Methods Coronavirus antibodys (IgG and IgG) were detected by ELISA in 42 SARS patients, 47 pneumonia and 30 control.
the employed origin is one capable of replication in bacterial hosts suitable for biotechnology applications .
soak white glutinous rice in water for 4hr, proces into powder, immersing in purified wat, and squeezing with cloth to obtain juice; pulverizing semen phaseoli radiati and semen Armeniacae amarum respectively, respectively soaking in water to precipitate, and squeezing with cloth to obtain juice
study on protein expression of gelatinase a and b in human abdominal aortic aneurysm tissues of various diameter
Julius of California university, who cloned the receptor, donates of vanilloid receptor 1 (VR1) cDNA to us so as to our studying work begin. At first, the VRl-cDNA plasmids were transformed into TG1 R
The results showed that drip water loss rate of breast muscle was significantly decreased by addition of 0. 3% acidifier and probiotics combination(P<0.05).The leg muscle rate was also significantly increased(P<0.
Objective To investigate the correlation of certain features of spiral CT (S-CT) with tumor microvascular density (MVD) and vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) in renal cell carcinoma (RCC).
Using the non-invasive micro-test technique (NMT), the effects of exogenous NaHS (a H2 S donor) on ion fluxes in roots were investigated in a salt-tolerant species Populus euphratica and a salt-sensitive poplar spcies Populus popularis under the instantaneous salt stress (100 mmol·L-1 NaCl) and short-term salt stress (24 h, 50 mmol·L-1 NaCl).
Amplification,Cloning in Vitro and Sequence Analysis of Human β-NGF Gene
in particular embodiment, that invention provides method for treating a subject at risk of developing CKD comprising administer to the subject a composition comprising a) a therapeutically effective amount of at least one oligonucleotide compound which inhibits the expression of a human target gene associated with the kidney disease; and b) a pharmaceutically acceptable excipient or carrier, or mixtures thereof, thereby reducing the risk of CKD in the subject
METHODS: The expression of MMP-10 and VEGF were investigated by immunohistochemistry in 56 examples of renal carcinoma tissue,including 20 cases with lymph metastasis and compared the results with those in 10 normal tissues(more than 2 cm away from focus).
the researcher say such membranes would allow small molecule to enter that cell while large molecules, such as the genetic materials DNA and RNA, would be trap
The vector was transfected into human gliomas cell and the positive clone was screened by G418. The VEGF expression of SHG44 cells before or after transfection was detected by Western blot and immunohistochemistry.
when a signal signifying a lesion marking is created, at 610, certain processing such as segmentation and / or feature extraction is applied, at 620, to identify the underlying lesion and a characterization thereof.
Insulins \Peptide hormones that cause an increase in the absorption of GLUCOSE by cells within organs such as LIVER, MUSCLE and ADIPOSE TISSUE.
Most of the schizophrenic patients were paranoid type (50.9%)and residual type (21.7%).
Of all, 76 cases had tibial and fibular fractures, 10 femoral shaft fractures (children), 4 intertrochanteric or subtrochanteric fractures, 7 ulnar or radial fractures and 5 humeral shaft fractures
3. The method of claim 2, said method comprises culturing said population of test cells in a medium comprising cellulose which is the sole source of carbon and energy and at a temperature that inhibits production of said enzyme by said parental cells.
Novel strain for producing natamycin and application thereof
Correlation between the plasma concentration of trypsinogen activation peptide and the severity of hyperlipidemic pancreatitis
So pine polyphenols in the bark of P. koraiensis can be promoted by the way of precursor feeding and hormonal induction.
As described above in detail, the human amniotic epithelial cell-derived stem cells according to the present invention are easily extracted compared to existing therapeutic stem cells such as umbilical cord blood stem cells and bone marrow stem cells, the initial yield thereof is increased through DTT treatment, and the proliferation rate thereof is significantly increased by culturing them in a ROCK inhibitor-containing medium.
Polyvinyl alcohol(PVA)/Ag nanocomposite films are successfully prepared.Silver nanoparticles are generated directly in PVA matrix by reduction of metallic precursor silver nitrate(AgNO3)with UV-irradiation.
Results showed that IBDV and pathological lesion could be observed in the chamber and follicles of the bursa of fabricius in infected chickens and the IBDV detected after lesions appearing.
ensure adequate nutrition supply for postpartum women without generating postpartum obesity,
N-methyl-D-aspartate Receptor,Cerebral Ischemia and Exercise(review)
Biotin, streptavidine-AP coloration DNA detection chip has important clinical value for its economic cost and simplicity.
heat ginseng radix at 98-100° C to obtain ginseng radix Rubri; pulverizing and extract with ethanol; concentrating; dissolving in distilled wat; extracting with diethyl ether
in many country, sexually active adolescents of both sex are increasingly at high risk of contracting and transmitting sexually transmitted disease
Compared with the model group by CCl_4,AST and ALT levels in serum were lower than that in the complex at 1:1 and 2:1 ratios.
Efficacy of rituximab in patients with refractory severe systemic lupus erythematosus
The results showed that the growth and activities of the digestive enzymes of the pre-larvae significantly decreased after food deprivation for 2 days, compared with 3 days in the post-larvae and 6 days in the juveniles.These observations suggest that the activities of the digestive enzymes of miiuy croaker at early developmental stages were subject to short-term starvation.However, their ability to withstand starvation may improve as they grow.
Then the social prevention and nursing intervention were done. Results Through the intervention, the diabetics′ (186 cases) blood sugar level decreased from 10.73±3.15 mmol/l to 8.21±2.32 mmol/l (P < 0.05).
Methods Using pH7.2, 120 mmol/L SDS, 30 mmol/L phosphate buffer as electrophoresis buftbLuncoated fused-silica capillary 21 cm ×50 μm (i.d.)
he surface active properties of aqueous solution of the long chain alkoxymethylcrown ethers and corresponding open chain compounds alkoxymethyl oligoethylene glycols,have been investigated by surface tension measurement. The results show that compounds 1and2,where the number of carbon atoms in the side chain(n)exceeds 8,can form micelles inaqueous solution , and their CMC values decrease with the increase of n. Correlation of thelog(CMC)values of a homologous series of surface ...
synthesis of substitute N-Fmoc-L-β-homo-amino acids
Conclusion Surgical treatment combined with CIK can improve the life quality, immunity function and CEA of patients with lung cancer
D5 is homologous with M-CK gene (muscle creatine kinase) and located at Gallus gallus chromos 32 by e-PCR on NCBI
Conclusion IL-6 gene polymorphism and aging are not significantly correlated.
MRI findings of Ramsay Hunt syndrome
the silibinin drug is dissolve into an organic solvent which is mutually soluble with that water, the mixture is adde into a water solution containing water-solubility pharmaceutical excipients to obtain nano silibinin drug particle injectable suspension, the injectable suspension is atomize and dried to obtain the nano-micro structure silibinin drug composite powder
Construction and Expressing Regulation of Apical Tissue-specific and High Efficient Inducible Promoters;
in particular to an ointment for that treatment for oral ulcer and oral aphthae and erosion in children and a preparation method thereof.
The Research on the Synthesis of Some Functional Lactic Acid Derivatives
The control group was treated with routine west medicine,the reatment group were treated with Zishen Huayu Qingli Decoction,three times a day,two weehks for a course of treatment.
Cervical Disc Replacement Versus Anterior Cervical Discectomy and Fusion for Treating Degenerative Cervical Syndrome: Meta-analysis
Each of X13 and X14 which are independent of each other, is preferably a fluorine atom or a C1-4 perfluoroalkyl group, more preferably a fluorine atom or a trifluoromethyl group.
Investigation and analysis on nosocomial infection in comprehensive ICU
WO 94/00127 discloses application of lipids and lipid formulations for the treatment of skin and mucous membrane diseases or disorders displaying epidermal hyperproliferation and disruptions of the barrier function
Experiments report on endoscopic management of carpal tunnel syndrome of 89 cases
The effects of TRAIL, 5-Azacytidine+TRAIL, 5-Azacytidine+zIETD-FMK+TRAIL and 5-Azacytidine+chemotherapeutic drugs+TRAIL on the growth and apoptosis of SY5Y cells were detected by MTT and flow cytometry.
Amplification of specific primers is combined with amplification of general primers, a high annealing temperature for amplification of the specific primers is adopted in front 16 cycles of PCR amplification, the general primers are generally amplified in large scale in later 16 cycles, and the detection results are automatically read and analyzed by adopting the fragment analysis function of a genetic analysis system according to fluorescent signals of nucleic acid fragment length, so that a plurality of samples can be simultaneously detected, and a competition effect among the primers in common multiplex PCR amplification is effectively avoided.
Results The responsive rates of the observation group were significantly higher than in the control group,and there were significances between two groups(P<0.05 or 0. 01),there is no apparent side-effect in the treatment.
The invention discloses an edible gel composition comprising high-potency sweeteners.
CONTROLLED COMPARISON OF CARPROST ALONE, AND IN COMBINATON WITH MIFEPRISTONE OR SYNTHETIC CERVICAL DILATOR IN TERMINATION OF MIDTRIMESTER PREGNANCY
similarly, biocompatibility and non-toxicity may be assay by methods known in that art
phosphoric and malic acid, and potential buffering agents include sodium and potassium citrate.
New palliative modalities,such as endoscopic delivery of photodynamic therapy and intraluminal brachytherapy therapy,are emerging as nonsurgical modalities that may improve the survival and play a promising role as an adjunctive therapy to surgical resection.
Conclusion: Nested CK19 RT-PCR was a very good method for detecting lung cancer cells in the peripheral blood with the sensitivity of 10-7 and the specificity of 96.7%.
Expression of AQP8 in Cultured Normal Humantrophocyte and JAR Cell Line
the pharmaceutical formulations of the present invention may be used for the treatment of bacterial or protozoal infections .
includes self-crosslinking acrylic copolymer emulsions that may have superior durability over non-crosslinking binders such as acrylic solutions and dispersion copolymers.
Holmium laser lithotripsy for the treatment of middle and lower ureteral stones(Report of 157 cases)
The transverse carpal ligament thickness and basal area ratio showed a negative correlation.
Objective:To evaluate the efficacy and safety of orthokeratology of correction of myopia lower than -6.0D
Analysis of curative effect and choice of therapeutic method for Pilon fracture of tibia
in that presence of catalyst, UV-1009, a high molecular weight ultraviolet absorbent, was synthesize from TEPIC, higher fatty acid and DHB as the raw materials in two stages of reactions
while the contact between the hydrophobic nanotube sidewall and photoreactive solution via capillary effect is minimal,
Pre and Postoperation CT and MRI Image Evaluation on Herniations of Intervertebral Disc
Using Serum Index to Moniter Serum Specimen's Appearance and Its Clinical Application
Typically, such food ingredients have a small amino acid pool, which contains other amino acids in addition to asparagine. There are twenty standard amino acids that are the building blocks of proteins and can be found in these food ingredients including, but not limited to, lysine, alanine, asparagine, glutamine, arginine, histidine, glycine and aspartic acid.
Results:All women underwent pathological biopsy,and 43 women were diagnosed as cervical cancer and ≥CIN Ⅱ lesions,40 women(93. 0%) were found with abnormal results of DNA quantitative analysis,35 women(81. 4%) were found with abnormal results of colposcopy,there was statistically significant difference between the two results(P<0.05).
Objective:To establish a liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry(LC-MS) method for determining the concentration of amlodipine besylate in human plasma and to evaluate the bioequivalence of 2 kinds of amlodipine besylate tablets.
A postinfectious or reactive antigenic response has been proposed as the etiology.
BRAF polymorphisms and risk of melanocytic neoplasia
and r is either butyl or ethylhexyl.
Results: Compared with I/R group, BM-MNC group or bFGF group increased coronary flow, improved heart function; notably promoted activity of superoxide dismutase (SOD)，reduced malondialdehyde (MDA) content and myocardial creatine; furthered activity of Na+-K+-ATPase、 Mg ++-ATPase and Ca++-ATPase in myocardium.
The comparison of IR spectra analysis of rosemary acid lauryl alcohol ester and rosmarinic acid verified the structure of rosemary acid lauryl alcohol ester. The purity was 96. 7% and was tested by HPLC(High Performance Liquid Chromatography
The result showed that the correlation between the density of Euphorbia helioscopia 1.in wheat field and the loss ratio of wheat yield was double curvilincar function:^y=x/(8.9920+0.0181x
Does rectum cancer have law cure
Conclusion: FQ-PCR is absolutely necessary methods for diagnosis CMV infection in pregnant women
2-Thienylacetaldehyde was synthesised by oxidation of 2-thienylethanol with PCC(Pyridinium chlorochromate)/SiO2,without purification and was further converted to 2-thienylacetaldoxime through reaction with hydroxylamine hydrochloride.Finally,2-thiopheneethylamine was obtained by the reduction of 2-thienylacetaldoxime with NaBH4-CuSO4-amberlyst-15.The overall yield of this process for 2-thiopheneethylamine was about 76.5%.
Body surface tumor fixing shearing instrument
[Objective] To evaluate the role of L-selectin in the development of airway inflammation in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease(COPD)and its clinical significance.
The diagnosis and surgical treatment of imflammatory pseudotumor of lung
Methods Retrospectively analyzed the data of 96 newborn cases with head MRI scanning,recorded and monitoring record.
The antibiotic susceptibility test was carried out using Kirby-Bauer method.The statistical analysis was done with WHONET 5. 5 software.
No expression was observed in the stem or root tissues.
The nodal status metastase significantly correlated with 5-year overall survival.Conclusion The 5-year survival rate of vulvar carcinoma is comparatively high.
It has been considered as a critical risk factor of cardiovascular disorders,The clinical manifestations and treatments differ from those in young and middle-aged patients,requiring an individualized therapeutic regimen.
The AFM images showed that the morphology of pentacene semiconductor films were affected by the interface modification.
Methods 569 cases of hospitalized patients as the control group from March to May in 2012. 586 cases of hospitalized patients as intervention group from June to August in 2012. The patients in control group were given routine nursing rounds and family nursing rounds was additionally applied to the patients in intervention group based on routine nursing rounds.
( sialyltransferase nomenclature is described in Tsuji et al .
Molecular dynamics simulations have been carried out for mixtures of Lennard-Jones fluids. Selfdiffusion coefficients and mutual diffusion coefficients have been obtained for Ar and Ar/Kr mixture.
group Ⅱ: 12 patients undergoing selective cardiac operation for valvular replacement Blood samples were withdrawn from central vein before skin incision, before CPB, 30 min following CPB, at end of CPB, at end of operation, on the first postoperative day and the third postoperative day to measure the levels of circulating endothelial cells(CEC), thrombomodulin(TM) and von Willebrand Factor(vWF).
The HSP70-LI positive neuronal density and grey values in group C was more significantly than that in group B (P<0.01 ).
Objective The aim of the present study was to determine the effect-site concentration of remifentanil to prevent hypertension during tracheal intubation under sevoflurane anesthesia.
Lymphocytes are one of the cell groups which synthesize and colony-stimulating factor (CSF).
The mixture was filtered, the filter cake washed with dichloromethane, then the combined filtrates were concentrated.
Design and application of neonate hospitalization estimate form
in that screen assays to identify such compound, the candidate substance may first be screened for basic biochemical activity in vitro, and then tested for its ability to reduce, ameliorate or otherwise therapeutically intervene in HCV infection in an in vivo model of HCV infection
Current Indication for Catheter Ablation ofAtrial Fibrillation Should be Expanded
the significance of tumor infiltrative behavior of craniopharyngioma to hypothalamus
In the present study, we have studied immunocytochemical localization of bradykinin in the lum-bosacral segment of spinal cord and the dorsal ganglion(L_4-6), and have examined the relative contents of bradykinin in the corresponding motor neuron of anterior horn by image analyses after the sciatic nerve was excised.
Anastomosis of the disrupted canaliculus under operating microscope
The ratio Icrystalline/It- otal is designated the weight fraction of crystalline phase fcrystalline.
Two decades ago, researchers began discovering rare gene mutations that cause Alzheimer’s disease in all who inherit them. Now, they have found the opposite: a mutation that prevents the devastating brain disorder. The protective mutation also is very rare - it is not the reason most people do not develop Alzheimer’s disease. But what intrigues researchers is how it protects the brain. It does the reverse of what the mutations that cause Alzheimer’s do. Those mutations lead to excessive amounts of a normal substance, beta amyloid, in the brain. The protective mutation slows beta amyloid production, so people make much less.
Methods The nutritional status of 30 neonates were estimated in perioperative period and were given PN if malnutrition.The component,dose,preparation and administration of PN were summarized.The weight,laboratory data and prognosis were monitored before and after PN support,meanwhile complications were prevented.
Effects of acanthopanax senticosus and silymarin in increasing the content of muscle glycogen in mice immediately after exercise
e. hormonal disturbance
The article reviews the lateralization of Chinese single word processing and whether or not the specific brain region for cognitive
This paper puts its focus on the study of the microalgae-cultivation based coupling of biogas fermentative liquid-resource utilization and high-quality biomass production.
Clinical Study of Psychotherapy in Analgesia during Childbirth
Results HERαwas constructed into expressing vector pEGFP-C1 successfully,the length of the fragment was 1800bp identified by restriction enzymes digestion.
the canning fluoro-resin paint is characterized in that it is composed of ( I ) a graft copolymer which is polymerized by a fluoro-resin ( A ) having free radical polymeric unsaturated bond recur to urethane bond, a free radical polymerism polysiloxane ( B ) and a free radical polymerism single body ( C ) and has a hydroxyl value lower than 20mbKOH/g and SP value about 8.0-9.5 and ( II ) fillings;
Study on Reactive Oxygen Species Metabolism and Effect of Signaling during Dormancy Process of Prunus Persica
Results Animal models of the two groups were all of stable blood dynamics and normal blood-gas analysis index in the process of bypass.
The capsid gene, 1BCD, of SVDV HK'70 strain were amplified by RT-PCR and cloned into pMD18-T vector, followed sequencing.
Results: The practice ability of the nurses were improved significantly after the standardized nursing training(P<0.05).The satisfaction scores also were increased significantly after the standardized nursing training(P<0.05).
Dynamic Differences of Heavy Metal Accumulation in Different Tobacco Varieties
A Hybrid Microfluidic Chip-based Capillary Electrophoresis System with UV Absorbance Detection
METHODS: The related data of 60 inpatietns with hyperprolactinemia induced by antipsychotic drugs collected in the psychiatric-department of the Third Affiliated Hospital of Sun Yat-sen University during 2009-2011 were analyzed with regard to patients’age and sex,primary disease,drugs used and the frequency of hyperprolactinemia induced by antipsychotic drugs,clinical symptoms and management of hyperprolactinemia.
in still other known method, - stabilized betanidine extract are prepared using ion exchange chromatography
EFFECT OF INTENSIVE EXERCISE ON SEVERAL SERUM ENZYME ACTIVITIES AND TROSETTE FORMING CELL IN EXTERNAL BLOOD
In the FISH experiment with C-genomic C0t-1 DNA for probe,all O. officinalis chromosomes’ telomeres,centromere and near centromere were covered by the strong red hybridization signals;while the similar area on 24 chromosomes of O. grandiglumis were modestly covered by red hybridization signals,which should be C-genomic chromosomes.The other 24 chromosomes had less red hybridization signals should be D-genomic chromosomes of O. grandiglumis.
Conclusion:IL-6 implement its neuroprotection by suppressing NMDA receptor and IP3 receptor.
During direct PTCA, perfusion balloon catheter can reduce the incidence and severity of RA.
Objective To investigate the clinical effect of Medilac-vita and Smecta in early prevention of neonatal jaundice
Because no differences in the results achieved were found, the decision was made to proceed with an experiment testing the post-embryonic development of quail hens in hypodynamy from the ages of 2 to 56 days. Differences between the development of hypodynamy-reared individuals in comparison with those kept under control conditions were studied using morphological and physiological methods.
The mortality rate of pneumoconiosis patients was 28. 6%.
Methods: Western blotting was used to detect the expressions of total Src and phos-Src tyrosine kinase in esophageal squamous-cell cancer cell lines KYSE180, EC109 and KYSE30 as well as human immortalized esophageal epithelial cell line SHEE.
Accordingly, detecting a trigger point in the muscle may comprise detecting a relative difference between the scattered light from a tight muscle and smooth or relaxed muscle.
Syringe 110 is prepared for an injection and a practitioner administers a medical needle procedure, such as, for example, a medication injection to a subject.
Difference of Physiological Characteristics in Different Canopy Temperature Barleys
the toll has been heavy: 25 million deaths and 60 million people infected with hiv.
(i) the yellow background is very bright under surgical illumination and appears intrusive;
Method]A total of 28 patients with congenital dislocation of the hip, male in 9 and female in 19, bilateral dislocation in 4, total to 32 hips, aged from 7 to 13 years with an average of 9.8 years, were treated surgically without preoperative traction
Methods Forty-nine cataract patients(54 eyes)with XFS and 134 age-related cataract patients(152 eyes)were enrolled and set as XFS group and control group.
biopsy of urinary bladder
Instead,we show here that Lrp5 inhibits expression of Tph1,the rate-limiting biosynthetic enzyme for serotonin in enterochromaffin cells of the duodenum.
The Clinical Researches on the Changing Law in Severe Burn Early Stage about Acute Phase Protein CRP and FIB
2-10 parts of component C, component A is a mixture consisting of 5-15 parts of modified SiO2 particles with the average particle diameter of 1-10 Mu meters, 0.5-3 parts of polar organic solvent and 80-100 parts of deionized water; component B is a mixture consisting of 0.5-10 parts of fluorocarbon resin latex, 0.1-5 parts of crosslinking agent and 85-100 parts of deionized water; the component C is the mixture consisting of 5-20 parts of thickener and 80-100 parts of deionized water.
Quantitative Determination of Dracorhodin in Guzhecuoshang Capsules by HPLC
It comprises the following steps: adding 0.01%-10% surface activator with one or more of dodecyl phosphate ester, dodecyl sodium benzosulfonate, dodecyl dimethyl amine oxide, phenylethene or carbowax;
Use of an ETC signal is described with respect to treating obesity, by applying the ETC signal to the stomach so as to delay or prevent emptying of the stomach.
34. The method of claim 32, wherein the DNA sequencing step comprises an unbiased DNA sequencing step.
The Changes of Interleukin-8 Content after Cerebral Ischemia-Reperfusion Injury in Rats
inquisition on that dialectic relationsh'p of biological inheritance and variation
Treatment of advanced colorectal cancer with AIDi injection combination with FOLFOX4 regimen
Preliminary Study on Electro-rheologic Properties of Fish Blood
Gastrointestinal symptoms of hypercalcemia include dysphagia, constipation, peptic ulcers, and pancreatitis.
Furthermore, many cellular membrane receptors associated with diseases have been studied.
Evaluation of δ-Amino Levulinic Acid(δ-ALA)in Urine for Screening of Lead Poisoning Cases
Liver collagen was quantified, and expression of alphavbeta6 and fibrosis-related transcripts was determined by quantitative reverse-transcription polymerase chain reaction
The results showed that the activity of urease had a significant correlation with the total nitrogen and available phosphorous and also related to the other soil nutrients.
g of a bilirubin oxidase (BOD, produced by Amano Enzyme Inc.) was dissolved with the foregoing BOD buffer solution, so as to be 20 ml in total amount
As a result, compared to traditional ultrasonic extraction, microwave extraction had higher efficiency and shorter extraction time.Microwave extraction was fit to extract the purine bases in seafoods and had greater application in the extraction of purine bases in seafoods
Roflumilast had been approved by the FDA and many PDE-4 inhibitors which have strong activities and fewer adverse effects were under clinical tests.
Study on the Trending Change of the Serum Myocardial Enzyme in the Patients with Acute Fluoroacetamide Pestiside Poisoning
Early orthodontic treatment of impacted maxillary second premolar by first molar distalization
Methods Cultured passage 3-5 human trabecular meshwork cells were treated with 0μg/ml ( control), 12. 5μg/ml, 25μg/ml and 50μg/ml tranilast and the collagen synthesis of cells was monitored by 3H-proline incorporation and liquid scintillation technique
Case reports with integral clinical data in recent 10 years’ literature were reviewed through PubMed searching system with the Key words being intramural esophageal dissection or intramural esophageal hematoma.
increase water content are advantageous as properties of that amoxicillin trihydrate are not impaired or impaired to a less extent, while the amount of free water is still low
Eight isoprenoid genes were modulated with six artificial regulatory parts having a wide range of strengths to assess their effects on β-carotene production.
such amplification can provide a sufficient amount of DNA to determine that base sequence.
A research on Ki-67 and its application in estimation of gynecological tumors
To produce a supported catalyst, a high-surface-area support material (for example Al2O3 from SASOL having a specific surface area determined by the BET method of 130 m/g) can be added to the reaction mixture in a particular amount before gel formation.
CD11c+DCs extracted from the large angiogenic lesions were immature and expressed VEGFR2, whereas those extracted from th
Epidemiological investigation on the infection with highly pathogenic porcine reproductive and respiratory syndrome virus in pigs from slaughterhouses in Hebei Province
The SOD activity of three concentration groups in Yang Taisu, middle and high concentration groups in Lycium Barbarum L capsule, low concentration group in Bao Ling American ginseng were higher than that in control group ( P <0.05).
Of the 40 to 50 per cent mortality found in acute myocardical infarction , over half occurs prior to hospitalization and seems to be sudden in onset and related to ventricular fibrillation.
Objective To establish a practicable method to express and purify Cowpea Typsine Inhibitor(CpTI),which is comparable with native CpTI,for providing important materials to access the safety of genetically modified rice with CpTI.
F2-Isoprostanes \Isoprostanes derived from the free radical oxidation of ARACHIDONIC ACID.
Speicial-purpose quilt for tracheotomy patient
Suitable cryoprotectants that may be added to the compositions of the invention are components that improve the cold tolerance of the microorganisms, such as mannitol, sorbitol, sodium tripolyphosphate, xylitol, glycerol, raffinose, maltodextrin, erythritol, threitol, trehalose, glucose and fructose
suitable reactive silane or siloxanes can include functionality such as: vinyl, hydride, allyl, aryl or other unsaturated groups.
Results Percentages of various causes were as follows: pelvic inflammation 21.4% (84 cases), artificial abortion 75.4% (301 cases), adnexal cystis 8.5% (34 cases), hysteromyoma 3.2% (13 cases), intrauterine contraceptive device 8.5% (34 cases), psychological factors 13% (52 cases), and recurring ectopic fetation 2.7% (11 cases
to solve the capacitated dynamic lot - sizing problem in group technology cell, a method based on binary Particle Swarm Optimization ( PSO ) algorithm and immune memory mechanism was proposed and its implementation was illustrated in detail.
Objective To discover a method of identifying infarction-related artery (IRA) based on electrocardiograms by exploring the relation between electrocardiograms and the distribution of coronary arteries of patients with acute inferior myocardial infarction. Methods Electrocardiograms on admission to hospital and coronary angiographies within 3 weeks from the admission of 94 patients with acute inferior myocardial were studied. These patients were divided into two groups based on their ...
in study with adenoviral vectors, Ad5 base vectors had no effect on SCLC tumor development in athymic mice
Clinical Significance of Efficacious bone Grafting mode for Nonunion
The Pathologic Changes of Experimental Salpingitis in Rabbits After Chlamydial Infections
The McAbs secreted by one of the strains could neutralize 0.1~0. 4IU/ml of tetanus toxin in mice, and the mixture of McAbs secreted by 2, 3 and 4 strains could neutralize 20, 350 and 750IU/ml, respectively
Conclusion Anti-hepatitis therapy in type B hepatitis can decrease the activity of serum ALT and serum AFU.
Transfusion-related acute lung injury
Twenty four hours after operation, 83 survivors were randomly assigned to AMI control(MI, n=43) or carvedilol[10mg/(kg
The evaluation values included the perioperative blood pressure,heart rate, gastrointestinal functional status,wound healing time,the level of thyroid function and complication of hypothyroidism.The Harris and Hospital for Special Surgery(HSS) scores were evaluated before operation and one month after surgery.
and a treatment location 106,
Methods RT-PCR was used to detect the expression level of GPI-PLD mRNA in HL-60 cell line after ATRA added to the culture medium.GPI-PLD activities were analyzed quantitatively by TX-114 partition with GPI anchored placental alkaline phosphatase(PLAP) as a substrate.MTT was used to detect the proliferation in each group,and the cell circle of leukemia cell induced by ATRA was determined by the flow cytometer.
Expression of hTERT and VEGF in gliomas and its relation to tumor angiogenesis
Study on Plant Diversity and Soil-plant Nutrients Spatial Variability in Small Scale in Yunwu Mountain Grassland
Particularly preferred is to use the breathing gas for inspiration by the patient after it has been used to drive the reciprocating pneumatic means, thus conducting the pressing gas after is has been vented from the reciprocating pneumatic means to the patient's airways.
Studying the Ornithine cycle capability in cirrhosis patients
It also improves enamel wearability, helps prevent surface staining, camouflages nail imperfections and creates a smooth surface.
Bone Segment Transpotration for Large Bone Defection of Lower Extremities
the method of the invention exploits the asymmetrical distribution of polarity to direct the chemical modification reaction necessary to change the nature of the protein in the area spaced from or opposite to this active site.
Construct the Subtractive Hybridization Library of Hepatocellular Carcinoma and Research the Expression of Annexin Ⅱ in Hepatocellular Carcinoma Tissues
However, when run in an OCIL in accordance with the present invention, ((+)-chloromethyl methyl ether imidazolium IL), with UV applied at about 254 nm at room temperature, one of the optical isomers predominated (60:40).
an alternative combination to be used in a method according to the invention is a combination in synergistic amounts of an mtor inhibitor with a cytotoxic agent, e. g. gemcitabine or cisplatin, e. g. as disclosed above.
THE EFFENCY OF USING THE PERIOSTEAL FLAP WITH PERFORATING BRANCHES IN TREATING REFRATRAY NONUNION
Isolation of Porcine Epidemic Diarrhea virus strain FJ-11A in Fujian Province and Sequence Analysis of the ORF3 Gene
A gamma-ray therapeutic apparatus is composed of a C-shaped frame arm, a therapeutic head and a therapeutic bed. Said therapeutic head has a source body composed of multiple gamma-ray source and a collimation body with collimating holes matched with said gamma-ray sources and focused to one point.
Stratified by menopause, level of MMP-2 in postmenopausal women[(1272±279) μg/L]was significantly higher than that in premenopausal women[(1141±290) μg/L, P< 0.01
Concentration of D-lactic and DAO in blood were related significantly to intestinal mucosal lesion score,respectively(P<0.05).
Comparative study of high-resolution CT findings between autoimmune and secondary pulmonary alveolar proteinosis.
Survival was not significantly different(hazard ratio[HR], 0.83; CI, 0.64 to 1.08; P=. 12
Iron: contributes to the normal formation of red blood cells and haemoglobin, to a normal function of the immune system, to normal energy-yielding metabolism and also contributes to normal cognitive function
(ii) 95-5 pphwm of at least one vinyl ester of .
The dissolution of the dispersible tablets was determined by UV spectrophotomery.
After pooling on the one hand of control sera and on the other of immune sera recipient mice were injected intraperitoneally with a single dose of 400.mu.l serum.
Influence of HMME-PDT on Streptococcus mutans in Rats Oral Cavity.
The enzymatic finishing process of the invention may be accomplished using any carboxylic ester hydrolases, in particular lipolytic enzyme and/or any biopolyester hydrolytic enzyme.
Glycoprotein structures allow the human egg to identify the human sperm, thus making fertilization possible
in biomedical application, enzyme-catalyzed, in-situ, including both extra- ( inside or between tissue or organ ) and intracellular reversible self-assembly and gelation of that hydrogelators is advantageous10 because it allows the hydrogels to respond to the expressions of specific enzyme for certain tissues, organs, or diseases.
The presence of the iron rich exochelins in the HPLC eluate was detected by simultaneous monitoring of the UV absorbance of the 450 nm peak (iron compounds) and the 220 nm peak which is indicative of amide and aromatic groups.
adding seed liquid of a bacterial cellulose production bacterial strain with the fermentation medium, and subjecting the seed liquid to static cultivation at a temperature of 20-30 DEG C or dynamic cultivation with a rotating speed of 5-500 rpm to obtain the bacterial cellulose in 3-23 days.
Floral Anatomy of Megacodon and Veratrilla (Gentianaceae)
Expression of COX-2 and Survivin in the Oral Lichen Planus
Studies on Kinetics of Synthesis of Ethyl Butyrate Catalyzed by Toluene-p-Sulfonic Acid
Results Five year survival was 89.3% among the patients with Sv≤4.4, where as 82.5% of the patients with Sv>5.5 died within five years.
Conclusions Pneumonectomy with intrapericardial management of blood vessels was a safe and effective method in treatment of central type lung cancer.It expanded the operative indications for lung cancer and improved radical resection rate.
Ibuprofen (Advil) can cause gastrointestinal irritation, stomach ulcers, and kidney damage in dogs.
Observation Short -term Efficacy of CE Scheme Chemotherapy On 23 Cases Advanced Stage of Lung Cancer
This invention further describes therapeutic compositions of antibody therapeutics that are therapeutically effective in the digestive tract or below the mucosal barrier of the digestive tract but do not deliver levels of antibody to the systemic circulation that have been associated with adverse events and systemic immunosuppression following systemic administration of antibody.
Opium, morphine, heroin, marihuana and other addictive kef and psychotropic substance
Clinical Significance of Measuring Early Urine Osmolarity for Premature Infants
include ctl and th-i helper cell, are expanded in vitro as a source of cells for immunostiraulation.
Study on Lung Function Test Via Tidal Breathing in Children
The invention relates to a method for producing tetrafluorosilane by decomposing hexafluorosilicic acid with sulfuric acid, which comprises: step 1 of decomposing hexafluorosilicic acid in concentrated sulfuric acid in the first reactor to give SiF4 and HF and taking out the SiF4;
To understand the normal distribution of chemical element in soil,which provide a basis for comprehensive search of endemic fluorosis pathogeny.Methods the ecology of comparative study was used to analysis rates and chemical element level.
RESULT: The first part: l. The incidence of EIP in routine RCT group was 33%, while was 25.6% in the drug prescribed group, There's significant statistic variant (P< 0.05). 2. The degree of pain in routine group was significant higher than drug group (P< 0.05
The CE with fluorescent type detection eliminates antigen immobilization and avoids many solid-phase-associated problems.
Objective To investigate the clinical efficacy of comfrey on early termination of pregnancy by medical abortion.
hepatitis and clenbuterol--ractopamine ( Rac ) residual and that like in swine urine.
And exposed to different concentrations of DL-homocysteine ( 0.05、0.1、0.5、1.0、5.0)mmol/L, subgrouped by randomized blocks.
Clinical investigation of burn wound infection with type I herpes simplex virus
Neurological behavior scoring(BBB score) and inclined plane test were conducted before operation(0 h) and 12 h,24 h and 36 h after operation,and the body weight was measured.
the F ( ab') 2 of that present invention can be produce by treating an antibody with a protease, pepsin
Venous blood was drawn from 3 affected and 3 unaffected subjects.Genomic DNA was extracted.
It was shown that the higher reactant concentration and reaction temperature were, glycosylated products of whey protein isolate and inulin had higher browning intensity and antioxidant activity. When initial pH was higher, glycosylated products of whey protein isolate and inulin had higher browning intensity and reducing power ability. However, their DPPH radical scavenging capacity increased and subsequently decreased
Multivariate Analysis of in Hospital Cardiac Function after Acute Myocardial Infarction
Protein fibers such as wool are most readily dyed with a wide range of dye classes under acid and neutral conditions due to the numerous reactive functional groups present
Histomorphometry and Biomechanics of Pharmaceutical Osteoporosis Bone Tissue Remodeling
The Expression and Protective Efficacy of DNA Vaccine Encoding Antibodized hgp100
in addition to that above, it has been found that heavy metal such as gold tend to diffuse into the OSC and detrimentally affect the functional properties of the OSC dure operation of organic thin film transistors
Establishment and Clinical Application Study of C-Ha-ras Gene Mutation AnalysisMethods inGastric Cancer
Results The collateral circulation imaging of 25 patients was divided into two categories,which be classified as intrahepatic and extrahepatic collaterals.
The YMDD gene order, G1896A, A1814C, A1792T and G1764A were analyzed by gene chips technique for 86 cases with chronic hepatitis B 18 months after treatment with lamivudine.
Genetic and Molecular Changes Associated to Prostate Cancer Progression
Expression of ΔNP63/TAP63 in Epithelium Ovarian Cancer and Its Clinicopathological Features
The results show liver PEPCK activity of diabetic rat's was increased significantly, compared with that of normal rats ( P< 0.01
Expression of Fusion Protein of Porcine Reproductive and Respiratory Syndrome Virus (PRRSV) GP3-GP5-M in PK-15 Cells
intraocular melanoma
in one prefer method, that film is produced by adde a filler to a translucent crystalline thermoplastic resin, forming a film using conventional method such as blown extrusion or casting, and then stretching the film to create fine voids therein.
Results 6 h after PE treatment, APD at 90% repolarization (APD90) of NRVCs was prolonged by 14. 3% (P < 0. 05), but myocyte hypertrophy was not found
human monoclonal antibody can be developed follow injection of an antigen on a background of human HLA when that germline human IgG is expressed in such a way as to allow subsequent V region somatic mutation
Objective To study the effects of HBsAg with or without Toll-like receptor(TLR)agonists on the expression of TLR in Raw264.7 cell line.Methods After incubation of RAW264.
jugular lymph sac
improve that growth performance of piglets, strengthen antioxidation and immunologic function of the piglets, and prevents diseases.
This paper reported 63 cases with chronic radiation skin injury
Conclusions Health education can not only increase patients' cognitive level on colpitis,but also improve their compliance behavior,hasten their recovery,prevent the recurrence of colpitis and improve patients' life quality.
synthesis and Properties of ternary terbium complexe with Halogen-benzoic acid and 1, 10-phenanthroline
in other prefer embodiments, that present invention provide methods of exposing an individual to an antigen comprising the step of contac a phagocytic cell of the individual with a particulate delivery system comprising an extracted yeast cell wall comprising beta-glucan, a payload trapping molecule and payload molecule, wherein the payload molecule is a polynucleotide comprising a control element operatively linked to an open reading frame encoding a peptide that can be controllably expressed in the cells of the individual
This restenosis may be manifested either as a short term proliferative response to angioplasty-induced trauma or as long term progression of the atherosclerotic process in both graft vessels and angioplastied segments.
An experiment was conducted to count the number of glomeruli and to observe the renal pathological change in the development of chicken gout induced by high dietary calcium and low dietary phosphorus. The result shows that: high dietary calcium caused a significant reduction in nephron number, a significant change in glomeruli size distributions and histologic change of glomeruli
Vaccination of pigs with a live attenuated classical swine fever virus (CSFV) vaccine strain, particularly the "Chinese" strain (LPC, also called C-strain), protects pigs against CSF.
individual episodes of any severity are often precipitated by stressful life events ; in many cultures ,
Analysis of Ambulatory Blood Pressure and Heart Rate Variability in Patients with Chronic Kidney Disease with Hypertension
Based on the functional mechanism of sclerostin,we predict the possible treatment of bone loss.
To study the control rate of acute,delayed nausea and vomiting and the patient’s living quality,we used the MASCC antiemetic questionnaires and the functional living index-Emesis questionnaire.
According to the data of BBP and BHR, they were also divided into two sections: the hypertension group(HBP, BP¡Ý140/90mmHg), compared with the non-hypertension group(NHBP, BP<140/90mmHg
also described are washing and cleaning products with this novel alkaline protease of the subtilisin type, sufficiently related proteins and derivatives thereof, corresponding washing and cleaning methods and the use thereof in washing and cleaning products, as well as further possible technical uses.
comprises heating soy flour until denatured and then adding urea to the denatured soy flour.
Fifty-four per cent positive results were found in 24 histologically benign renal tissues including 3 out of 6 polycystic kidneys, 7 out of 13 renal atrophies, 2 out of 2 oncocytomas and 1 out of 2 pyonephrotic kidneys.
raffinate 352 can be fed directly as waste water 353 to a treating facility or it can be directed as feed 354 to a downstream column 310. hi one embodiment, downstream column 310 is a methyl acetate column that separates ( i ) organic by-product, methyl acetate 386, which exits as the overhead product and ( ii ) water and the acetic acid which exit as the bottom product.
ENDOSCOPIC VARICEAL LIGATION COMBINED WITH PARTIAL SPLENIC EMBOLIZATION:EXPERIENCE IN 76 PATIENTS
Cloning and Sequence Analysis of a cDNA Encoding (p46 000) Antigen from Newborn Larvae of Trichinella spiralis
Studies on the Performance and Mechanism of Extracting Au(Ⅲ)with PSO3e
the nucleation of diamond film on Si ( 100) in biased hot filament chemical vapor deposition has been investigate by scanning electron microscopy and atomic force microscopy
OBJECTIVE To synthesize the precursor compound of anti-tumor natural product ainsliatrimer A. METHODS The target precursor compound of anti-tumor natural product ainsliatrimer A was obtained by nucleophilic substitution,Wittig reaction,carbonyl radical addition and other key reactions with starting material of tert-butyl(5-iodopentyloxy)dimethylsilane.
include an energy based tissue penetration system that can advantageously penetrate hard tumor, improve hemostasis, and provide greater tissue access.
Objective To compare the clinical effect of video-assisted thoracoscopic circulatory intrapleural hyperthermic perfusion and high frequency heat therapy instrument for malignant pleural effusion.
If vitiligo is in part an autoimmune disorder, genetic factors that predispose an individual to autoimmunity may influence the development of the disease
Approach to Chronic Fatigue Syndrome and Its Pathological Mechanism in Chinese and Western Medicine
The expressions of MMP-9 and MMP-2 in cytotrophoblast cell were inhibited by 15-d-PGJ2 significantly (P<0.01),and in a concentration-dependent manner.
meningioma was hypointensity on T1WI and slightly hyperintensity on T2WI, following Gd - DTPA enhancement sean, the lesoon was abnormal contrast enhancement with local dura mater tair sign what was formed from dural thickening enhancement
In general, a suitable dose of the compound is in the range of about 100 ng to about 25 mg (more typically about 1 ìg to about 10 mg) per kilogram body weight of the subject per day
Cloning and Expression of Main Structure Protein Genes of Taura Syndrome Virus in P. Vannamei Shrimp
Table II presents a summary of the mean tactile and air blast scores measured at the baseline examination for those subjects who completed the clinical study.
This paper introduces the solar selective absorbing surface preparation process by AC oxidation method on cold-rolled mild steel plate.Its Solar absorptance a and thermal emittance e durability, ageing resistance to humidity have been tested and eva-luted.In addition to the micrography, stracture and constitution of selective absorbing surface have been observed and analyzed by Scanning Electron Microscope(SEM), Auger Electron Spectroscopy(AES) and Mossbaur Spect
Objective:To compare the efficacy of the profile by applying improved laryngeal mask combined with either infusion of propofol at discrete intervals or target-controlled infusion to analgesia in patients undergoing fiberoptic bronchoscopy(FOB) for rational anesthetic dosage.
Gene, Gene, what is your obsession with fat girIs?
if a blood vessel run from that upper leg to the lower leg is bee traced in overlapping mr images
Treatment of superior vena cava syndrome caused by malignant tumour
The crystal structure was measured through X-ray diffraction.The antibacterial activity tests of complex against Escherichia coli and Staphylococcus aureus were performed using diffusion test in vitro.
RESULTS: A total of 177 patients,80 of whom had EUS-FNA while 97 had EBUS-TBNA.The diagnostic rates were 56. 2% and 67. 0% in the two groups respectively,but the difference was not statistically significant(P>0.05).In EBUS group,there were 4 patients with bleeding in the point of puncture,and two patients with transitional dyspnea.
(4) The optimum sulfonation reaction condition was obtained by orthogoral experiment as follows:n,1,4-butanediol bismaleic anhydride bisester :nNaHSO3=l . 00:3:00 ,reaction time was 4h, reaction temperature was 80 C, and the dosage of catalyst was 1.5%.
Objective To investigate the efficacy of Lu’s acupuncture with silver needles plus intra-articular injections of sodium hyaluronate in treating knee osteoarthritis.
and the control 9.2±6.2 days
Arachidonic acid content of Mortierella M10 increased from 18%-30% to 36%-41% during aging while lipid content of mycelium increased from 1 1%-2 6% to 2 6%-3 7%, but the proportion of arachidonic acid in lipids of mycelium remains constant during aging Temperature(5℃-25℃) of aging had little effect on arachidonic acid content
the amount of probiotic and prebiotics to be administer to that animal is determined by the skilled artisan based upon the type and nature of the probiotic and prcbiotic and the type and nature of the animal, e. g., the age, weight, general health, sex, extent of microbial depletion, presence of harmful bacteria, and diet of the animal.
The ion-exchange fibers studied were strong anion-exchanger material (ZB-2). Several basic properties of the fibers such as true wet density, apparent wet density, specific surface, total ion-exchange capacity, pKa and inflation extent were determined as 0.28 g/ml, 0.23 g/ml, 1.40×10~4 m~2/g, 3.1 mmol/g, 8.3 and 10%~30% respepectively
Cell types: squamous cell carcinoma in 16 cases,adenocarcinoma in 9 cases,7 cases of small cell carcinoma,large cell carcinoma in 1 case,no stereotypes in 2 cases.
the present invention provide rat connective tissue growth factor ( CTGF), means for produce CTGF and therapeutic methods for using CTGF or derivatives thereof
Multiple myeloma shows no intra-disease clustering of immunoglobulin heavy chain genes
As novel research material,chromosome single segment substitution lines are useful in QTL identification because of minimizing the interference of genetic background among plants.
CONCLUSION:Retrobulbar injection of TA combined with macular laser photocoagulation for the treatment of PDR, postoperative DEM gained satisfactory and long lasting clinical effect.
Results: Tumor were complete ablated and the wound surfaces without hemosshage after excision
injection of P matt at locus ceruleus area on plasma
include organ, lesions, or other structure of interest, centers of radionuclide activity, centers of mas, or that like
Quality Control for Folium Perilla Ⅰ. Determination of Perillaldehyde in Perilla leaf by GC
Results No significant differences of plasma FIB levels existed between healthy control and benign tumor group (P> 0.05), but the FIB level increased significantly in the malignant groups compared with the former two groups (Pnon-metastatic group (P< 0.01
Objective: To investigate the relationship among insulin resistance,ApoE gene polymorphism and mild cognitive impairment.
crystalline compound, C6H 12N 3PS, a sulfur-containing analogue of tepa, used to treat certain malignant tumors
A study on long-term toxicity of Ruanjian hugan tablet in SD rattus norregicus
Rarely, it can affect the spine and in this case the most important differential diagnosis is infectious spondylodiscitis
the now clinical application of PET/CT
Infections peak during summer and fall epidemics and cause 10 to 15 million symptomatic infections annually in the United States.
Sex determining genes Mab-3 of C. elegans and Doublesex of Drosophila, human Doublesex related gene DMRT1 and medaka sex-determining gene DMRT1Y/DMY contain a common DNA binding motif called DM(Doublesex and Mab-3) domain, both of which regulate similar aspects of sexual development.
Variation Analysis of Infectious Bursal Disease Virus Isolates by RT/PCR- SSCP
Clinical analysis of interventional therapy for obstruction of fallopian tube in 51 cases
When the cultivars carried the allele Ef-1,the plants headed earlier with weaker BVG,when the cultivars carried the allele Ef-1t or ef-1,the plants headed later with strong BVG.
the severe disadvantage of bacterial multiple resistance when administer regularly antibiotics as a precaution to prevent an inflammation response is well known and is become more and more important
in turn with cardiac valve action, translate into an increased and then decrease intra-ventricular pressure to generate a forward blood flow.
the present invention provides methods for treatment of neurodegenerative disorders during preclinical and / or clinical stages via administration of an effective amount of a neuroprotective agent .
The product combines the functions of medication and far-infrared electrothermal physical therapy. has effects in eliminating wind, relieving cold, removing dampness, promoting blood circulation, dispelling blood stasis, and relieving inflammation and pain.Far-infrared electrothermal therapy may increase the diffusion and infiltration of drugs, and enhance the drug absorption of human body.
kinematic analysis of that upper limb during elbow extension in C_5 and C_6 spinal cord injury patient
Background and objective Recent studies have shown that integrin α5β1 as a core in the integrin fam-ily plays an important role in metastasis,invasion and poor difference of non-small cell lung cancer.
posterior shell 1412 includes an outsole 1414 formed thereon that has a second strap receiving slot or D-ring 1418 at an anterior portion thereof
It is observed that Ge-132 could increase human interleukin-2 (IL-2 ) production by the peripheral blood mononuclear cells ( PBMC ) under PHA indution in vitro.
Metal complexes incorporated within biodegradable nanoparticles and their use
in further embodiment, a selective marker is delete from that altered Bacillus strain by methods known in the art
to treat the sleep apnea syndrome ,
in addition, many patient are unable to tolerate that adverse events derive from the currently available antimanic agents, these adverse events include nausea, extra-pyramidal symptoms ( EPS), weight gain, sedation, cognitive dull, fatigue and sexual dysfunction
Role of Bone Marrow Mesenchymal Stem Cell on Hematopoietic Stem Cell Transplantation
Conclusion:The human GLP-1-IgG Fc fusion protein was expressed successfully in Pichia pastoris,and it could be the foundation for the GLP-1-IgG Fc activity and half-life determination.
such composition can be administer to patients in nee of immunotherapy
Study on Identification of Wheat Somaclonal Variation by Gliadin Proteins
Automatic Breast Mass Detection Based on Hierarchical Multi-Template Matching
the simplest means is for the patient to breath in through the reaction chamber so the no generated is taken directly into the patients lung like an inhaler.
Clinical observation of Silymarin in the prevention of hepatic lesion induced by antituberculotic
Analysis of differential expression gene between monozygotical twins with cardiac anomaly
They achieved similar results if they directly introduced FGF15 into the livers of the mice.
Molecular epidemiologic studies examining the associations between polymorphisms in several gene pathways and biliary tract cancer risk may provide insight into the etiology of this kind of cancer,and be helpful to discover validated biomarkers for early detection in asymptomatic individuals and present new targets of gene therepy in biliary tract cancer in the future.
Detection of Bacillus Anthracis in the Environment Using Rapid PCR
The IL-2 mRNA was about 14 S depending on the 7 M Urea-SDS-PAGE, and recovried from gel and translated in vitro.
abdominal allergic purpura
In clinic, it could ameliorate the neural function of a large area cerebral infarction patients and activities of daily living in stroke patients
1 case give up surgery because plugging device can’t accurate positioning due to vascular circuity.One patient had to stop the operation vital signs unstable.One patient undergo emergency cardiac surgery surgical treatment due to plugging device migration.
after oral administration of the insulin drug carried microspheres,
after an expansion, a plurality of cells are obtained; the expanded callus in the synthetic medium is inoculated into synthetic culture solution and then panax japonicus saponin crude extracts and byproducts thereof can be obtained through the extraction of cells from the solvent, thereafter the panax japonicus saponin, panax japonicus polysaccharide and other compounds can be obtained through purification.
a represents 0, 1, or 2, X represents an optionally substituted lower alkylene or a lower alkenylene,
Analysis of Saccharides by Capillary Electrophoresis with Laser-induced Fluorescence Detection
The failure loads at the first crack of the six glass ionomer cements were (258.86 ± 10.49),(230.88 ± 21.66),(281.90 ± 25.39),(282.11 ± 9.60),(756.67 ± 83.50) and (1 148.00 ± 147.78) N,respectively. Significant difference was found between the former four and the latter two products.
16, but which codes for a polypeptide having an amino acid sequence according to b) or c).
Objective To investigate the diagnosis methods and treatment experience of primary duodenal carcinoma.
firstly, aqueous solution with the sodium cholate micelle entrapped the prednisone is prepared, and the hydrotalcite layering material with the sodium cholate micelle entrapped the prednisone is synthesized by the double-drip coprecipitation method.
Synthesis and blending performance of sodium alkyl polyglycosides ethylsulfonate
Lu JJ, Zhang L, Ding SG, et al. Clinical characteristics of acute pancreatitis in elderly patients. Lin Chuang Hui Cui.
the alkylene oxide adduct can be prepared accord to that process of the present invention
In order to conserve and multiply germplasm rescources of Mei flower , the gern - free system of embryo - culture was constructed in seeds of four cultivars .
some expert doubt that usefulness of CRP for patient screening in the clinic
At the 5' end, the transcription initiation sequence of the SP6 RNA polymerase and a nonviral G were introducd. A poly(T)g3 sequence was introduced to the 3' end of the cDNA clone.
the invention comprises a method for preparing a pharmaceutical composition whereby the chemical reaction forms a reaction product selected from the group consisting of active pharmaceutical ingredients and pharmaceutically acceptable excipients.
Methods 60 SD rats were divided into two groups randomly:group A sham group,n=30 and group B sepsis group,n=30. In group A,appendix exploration was made while in group B,the animals received cecal ligation and puncture CLP.
Studies on the diagnosis and integrated control of ginseng red coating root disease
a suitable polyoxyethylene derivative is, for example, a n-alkylphenyl polyoxyethylene ether, n-alkyl polyoxy-ethylene ether ( e.g., triton ( r ) ), polyglycol ether surfactant ( tergitol ( r ) ), polyoxyethylenesorbitan ( e.g., tween ( r ) ), polyoxyethylated glycol monoether ( e.g., bri j ( r ), polyoxylethylene 9 lauryl ether, polyoxylethylene 10 ether, polyoxylethylene 10 tridecyl ether ), or a block copolymer of ethylene oxide and propylene oxide ( e.g. poloxamers or poloxamines ).
CCL chemokines and allergic rhinitis
Therapeutic effect of laparoscopy combined with plasma kinetic vaporized resectoscope on upper urinary tract cancer
Objective:To investigate the clinical role of aeroallergen in bronchial asthma in children.
Objective: To investigate the effect and mechanism of maternal exposure to trace cadmium on the differentiation and development in fetal testes.
The maximum degree of hardness obtainable in phosphate coating is 99. 2 HA as the addition of CuO is 6wt
Phylogenetic analysis revealed that amino acid sequences of BrcCUC3 were high similar to previously described CUC3 proteins from other plant species, especially shared 98%, 97% and 83% identity with cabbage(B.oleracea), radish(Raphanus sativus) and A. thaliana proteins, respectively.
(b) culturing the host cells in a medium comprising ethanol in an amount equal to or greater than about 1 gram per liter of medium for at least four hours;
The orthogonal test showed that the optimal formula of the nutritional rice paste was as follows: outer rice bran 1. 39%, inner rice bran 6. 95%, broken rice 69. 54%, sugar 15. 58%, milk powder 6. 23% and sucrrose fatty acid esters 0. 31
Conclusion We will strengthen the rational use of antibiotics to reduce the incidence of MRSA resistance.
The result could be summarized as follows: the average contents of Cu, Pb, Cd, Zn, Hg and As in sediments were 20.0mg
In adult patients receiving clarithromycin 500 mg b.i.d., the most frequently reported adverse events, considered possibly or probably related to study drug, with an incidence of 5% or greater, are listed below.
The present study was undertaken to investigate the influence of Echinacea-Astragalus mixture on liver damage and anti-virus in chickens infected with IBDV artificially.Fourteen-day-old chickens were administrated with Echinacea-Astragalus mixture at different concentrations for 7 days.Then,the chickens were innoculated with IBDV on 21 d,and changes of transaminase activity in blood and NK cytoactive in spleen were measured.
The Morphology of the Particle and Performance of Organosilicon-acrylate Core-sheell Latex
Also,comet percentage increased in workers engaged in flaw detection and exposed to X ray.
those receiving the insulin injections have a higher number of viable beta cells in their pancreas.
Myeloperoxidase of lung was measured at 120 min of reperfusion.
Evaluation of Adenosine Preconditioning Protective Effects and Its Mechanism by Real-time Myocardial Contrast Echocardiography
It showed that when the quantity of HBV DNA was in grade A or C, there was no significant different between serum HBeAg mode and HBV DNA level ( P > 0.05
EFFECTS OF OUTSIDE FACTORS ON PHOTOSYNTHETIC RATE AND RUBISCO ACTIVITY OF WHEAT LEAVES
the invention relates to an interframe difference oversampling reconstructing method and an application in micro scanning micro thermal imaging and belongs to infrared thermal imaging field.
inhibition of tubulin polymerization
high-dosage group, low-dosage group, hyperlipidemia model group and control group. High-dosage group, low-dosage group and hyper-lipidemia model group were fed on high lipid feed and were given with1ml/100g weight of6.50%, 3.25%Boletus aereus and distilled water by stomach perfusion for thirty days, respectively
RT-PCR and flow cytometer detects effect that it to mRNA and protein expression of mdr1 Cellular response to irradiation was evaluated by the colony froming test Apoptosis was observed by fluorescent staining.
in vitro antitumor immune response induce by fusion of dendritic cells and metastatic colon canc cells
However, Castanea mollissima cultivation is prior to field seedling propagation now, owing to its taproot characteristic and feeble regeneration capability of root system, lead to injure root seriously when seedlings transplant forestation, revive seedling slowly and fruit late
When at least one isolated miR gene product is downregulated in the pancreatic cancer cells, the method comprises administering an effective amount of an isolated miR gene product, or an isolated variant or biologically-active fragment thereof, such that proliferation of cancer cells in the subject is inhibited.
The Effect of Zhenqi Fuzheng Granules on the Immune Function of Aged Tumour Patients after Chemotherapy
study on that pollen morphology of Papaveraceae of Huoshan, Shanxi
DNA and RNA oligonucleotide synthesis involves the bonding of multiple nucleosides in series.
the patient simply inserts the needle 1336 and associated cannula 1806 of the site into the skin by grasping the housing 1110 and introducing the exposed needle 1336 into the skin
PURPOSE:To assess the incidence and severity of late normal tissue toxicity using three-dimensional conformal radiotherapy to deliver accelerated partial breast irradiation.
[Conclusion]CS2 could induce ultrastructural changes of hypothalamus,pituitary and testis in male rats,which is mediated through NO.
But the only surefire way of diagnosing the disease is to carry out a liver biopsy - a complex, invasive procedure that requires an anaesthetic. In rare cases, the biopsy can cause bleeding that requires a transfusion or surgery.
In this paper,butanol was prepared from the enzymatic hydrolysate supermatant of steam-exploded corn stover,with Clostridium acetobutylicum as the experimental bacterium.Then,the effects of supermatant concentration,initial pH value and microbial inoculation quantity on butanol yield were investigated,and the optimal dosages of nutrient elements were determined by orthogonal test.
Extender for repositioning cervical and lumbar vertebrae
acid dissociation constant of drugs
using single clone antibody resisting furantoin as fixator to set up ELISA fast detection manner of furantoin residue and enabling to use said manner to prepare detection kit and detection test paper for providing fast means to detect out furatoin residue.
test on various maltoside substituted compound indicated that a sufficient lipophilic length resulted in improved transduction efficacy.
Discussion on the Mechanism of Chinese Medicines in Relieving the Side Effects of Corticosteroid During the Treatment of VKHS
Preferred carrier blends include those comprised of brominated anionic polystyrene and antimony trioxide ; brominated anionic polystyrene and antimony pentoxide ; brominated anionic polystyrene and sodium antimonate ; and brominated anionic polystyrene and ethylenebis ( tetrabromophthalimide ) ; these blends are more preferred when the brominated anionic polystyrene has a typical bromine content of approximately 60 wt % formed from anionic polystyrene .
include lysozyme, derive from egg white.
47 cases were performed upper nephroureterectomy,1 case underwent ureter-ocystostomy,1 case underwent the Anderson-Hynes operation of the lower kidney,4 cases were duplicated kidney followed light hydronephrosis without treatment.
Effect of homocysteine on endothelium-dependent vasodilatation of carotid artery in rats
The stool may contain blood and mucus.
Nevertheless， a little study was carried out to show that results obtained with UV assay method canbe used even if the method was not completely validated.
Objective To investigate the clinical features, diagnosis and treatment of mesenchymal hamartoma of the liver
soy PC has a very low saturated/unsaturated ratio ( 0.3), which indicate a preponderance of unsaturated lipid, which can increase fusion
The method provides for the detection of the contrast agent in tissue and computes the tissue blood flow parameters.
high-level accumulation of Vicia faba seed storage protein vicilin with additional carboxy-terminal KDEL-sequence has been reported with tobacco and alfalfa ( Wandelt , C.I. , et al . , Plant J. 2 : 181-192 ,
study on get rid of odour of chub mackerel protein hydrolyzate
An additional difference between the membrane of the present invention and the membrane of U.S. Pat. No. 4,277,344, is that due to the high pH of the reaction medium and use of an acid acceptor, any COOH units will be present in the salt form as carboxylates rather than undissociated carboxylic acid forms.
Genes related with fiber development
Articulated External Fixators Combined with Limited Internal Fixation to Treat High Energy Fractures of the Distal Radius and Tibia
A PRELIMINARY STUDY ON DETECTING PLASMODIUM FALCIPARUM IN BLOOD BY PLASMODIUM FALCIPARUM DNA PROBE
Effects of Shoutai Pills on estrogen level of abortion rat model rat suffered from corpus luteum inhibition due to kidney deficiency
in addition, hollow particle have also been synthesized by deposite nanoparticles derived from alkoxysilanes on a template particle, as well as by condensation of sodium silicate on a template particle follow by template removal
The level of CRP and WBC count of group with complication after operation were higher than those of group without complication(P<0.01).
Compared with groups A and B,blood glucose,HbA1c in group C significantly increased,but weight decreased.Furthermore,the content of IGF-1/IGF-1R in the hippocampal of group C decreased obviously.
Bi-functional reactive dyes can form crosslink age among the Chitosan fibers, especially the two functional groups located at different end owing to small steric hindrance.
Conclusion:Early administration of polyclonal antibody, targeting the first extracellularloop of CCR5, could induce the resistance to type 1 diabetes in the adoptive transfer model.
Nursing Experience of Traditional Chinese Medicine on 168 cases of Patients with Stroke
P-wave Dispersion in Old Patients with Atrial Arrhythmia
impact of high power microwave radiation on that apoptosis of testicular germ cell in the rat
in another embodiment, that invention provide an immunogenic composition comprising Moraxella catarrhalis polypeptide fragment, wherein the fragments comprise amino acid sequences of SEQ ID NO: 3 and/or SEQ ID NO: 4.
Results (1) levels of leptin in serum of the AMI and the UA groups were higher than that of the CN groups(P< 0.01), and the AMI group’s leptin was higher than the UA group’s(P< 0.05
Performance by an animal of an act inappropriate for the stimulus or stimuli that evoked it. It usually occurs when an animal is torn between two conflicting drives, such as fear and aggression. Displacement activities often consist of comfort movements (e.g., grooming, scratching
Sdudying Expression of MVD、PCNA and VEGF in Stomach Cancer or Large Intestine Cancer Following New Supplementary Chemotherapy and Relationship Between MVD? PCNA and VEGF and Prognosis
Preparation of Modified Pure Acrylic Emulsion
〔Results〕Overall response rate was 58.8%(20/34),included CR 14.7%(5/34). The median survival duration was 14 months.
The characteristic parameters of the 4th subset of T cells approximated to those of helper T cells (T_H) identified cytochemically by dipeptidylaminopeptidase Ⅳ and it is suggested that they belong to the same subpopulation of T cells.
The population genetic structures of an invasive species,Solidago canadensis,in Shanghai were analyzed using RAPD markers.
A laceration is a cut or lesion that goes through all layers of the skin and into the tissue just beneath the skin.
in that same man as in example 16A, the compound obtained in reference example 30A and diethylamine were react to yield ethyl 8-benzyloxycarbonyl-2-diethylaminomethyl-4- ( 3, 4-dimethoxyphenyl) -5, 6, 7, 8-t etrahydrothieno[2, 3-b: 5, 4-b']dipyridine-3-carboxylate, which was then recrystallized from ethyl acetate-hexane to yield colorless prismatic crystals having a melting point of 138 to 139. degree. C
[Conclusion] The result indicated that the expression of type Ⅰ IRS Keratin genes is closely related with the control of wool density in specific part and the whole wool development cycle.
Angiogenesis is an important step in ovulation and also in implantation of the blastula after fertilization.
Objective:To observe the effects of KouLin gargle in relieving the oral mucositis caused by concurrent chemoradiotherapy of nasopharyngeal carcinoma.
and inoculating the above host cells having a suppressed cellulolytic enzyme activity into woodchips to treat them.
Investigation on the Distribution of TCM Syndrome in Stable Coronary Artery Disease with Diabetes
Other compounds of the invention have agonistic activity at 5-HT receptors like 5-HT1A.
The invention relates to a fluorene based water soluble conjugated polymer, process for preparing same and use in chemical / biological detection, wherein fluorenes compounds containing substituent groups are used as raw material for synthesizing water-soluble conjugated polymer with fluorenes as the conjugated chain primary structure through a series of organic reactions including metallic catalyse, the synthesized polymeric compound has fine light-emitting performance, and has good fluorescent quenching effect to certain specific groups or compounds.
Porphyra haitanensis polysaccharide was extracted by four methods, among those that the extracting rate of synthesis method was the highest, reaching 16.58
In general, the more methylated a stretch of DNA, the less likely it is to be transcribed to RNA and to carry out its function.
Replacement of corn and wheat bran with SH had no influence (P>0.1) on dietary DM, CP intake, milk production, 4% fat-corrected milk production, feed efficiency (FCM/kg DM intake), milk protein, lactose and solids not fat (SNF) content.
PCR method showed the highest sensitivity, but it failed to show the precise localization of intracellular HPV16 DNA
it has function of lowering blood pressure, and can be use for treating cardiovascular disease and cerebrovascular disease caused by blood pressure increase, such as hypertension, atherosclerosis, coronary atherosclerotic heart disease, cerebral thrombosis and cerebral hemorrhage.
Chronic Hepatitis C and Metabolic Syndrome
agitator power and temperature values gradually increase as methanol is removed from the autoclave and the viscosity of the mixture increases and stabilizes in about 1.5 hours indicating that most of the methanol has been removed.
Experimental Study of Decoloration and Defluorination of Wet-Process Phosphoric Acid
Methods A retrospective review of 18 MG patients who received VATS extended thymectomy from July 2008 to July 2010(VATS group) was undertaken,and compared with 24 MG patients who received trans-sternal(TS) thymectomy(TS group).
mixtures of melamine derivatives according to a) and melamine derivatives in which no hydrogen atoms or from one to six of the total of six hydrogen atoms of the three amino groups is substituted by organic moieties, and/or
an unintended slight . side effect a peripheral or secondary effect, especially an undesirable secondary effect of a drug or therapy
Analysis on the relationship between the audile of sudden deafness with and without vertigo
the relationship between that neuronal apoptosis and the expression of survivin and IGF-1 after cerebral ischemia reperfusion injury in rat
1. Catheter (1) for vascular access comprising:
Some methods for the rapid detection of Staphylococcus aureus in food were summarized,including Petrifilm RSA detection method,Baird-Parker+RPF Agar detection method,colloidal gold immune-chromatographic assay and polymerase chain reaction(PCR),and PCR was mostly used for assaying the enterotoxin of Staphylococcus aureus.
The dispersion mechanisms of inorganic nanoparticles in polymeric matrix and their theoretic models, and the quantitative characteristics for dispersion degree were analyzed
Supplementation of daidzein(Da,at the dose of 3 mg/kg) greatly increased the laying rate and serum T 3 level of 35 day old quails by 6 9%(P<0 05) and 22 8% (P<0 05),respectively.
The Influnce of Conjugated π Bond in Promoter Molecule on the Direct Electrochemical Reaction of Cytochrome C
TypeⅠcomplex and type Ⅱcomplex were formed at different crystallization temperature.Better thermal stability was shown on type Ⅱcomplex; the two different complexes both showed V-type crystalline structure,but degree of crystallinity of typeⅠcomplex was higher than type Ⅱ; type Ⅱcomplex appears to be smoother and more homogeneous than typeⅠ on the microscopic level.
PURPOSE:To retrospectively analyze radiologic findings of immunoglobulin G4(IgG4)-related lung disease as correlated with pathologic specimens
FIG. 19 is a photograph of a Coomassie blue stained polypeptide gel depicting secretion of mature ICAM-1 in E.coli under control of variant STII signal sequences.
further test, the oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT), may be performed to assess whether the patient is diabetic or has IGT
Advances in Hormone Therapy for Breast Cancer
The invention discloses a seed germination method for Quercus rubra, and belongs to the field of plant breeding.
The Clinical Study of the Treatment of Shuangwei Zeling Decoction on Hepatitis B Cirrhosis with Ascites (the Type of Qi Stagnation and Dampness
Microscopially, adenoacanthoma consists of two components, adenocarcinoma and squamous cell carcinoma.
FIG. 2(A) is a schematic diagram showing a construction strategy of a fusion product (SEQ ID NO:5) of a Guamerin gene with a Buforin II gene by PCR.
Operative Cooperation and Nursing of Patients with Severe Craniocerebral Injury in the Plateau Area
the first row is an example of the part-and non-solid nodules while the second row is of the solid nodules .
TREATMENT OF MODERATELY-HIGHLY MALIGNANT INTRACTABLE RECURRENT NON-HODGKIN'S LYMPHOMA BY CHOEP PROGRAM
the Anti-Tumor effect of recombinant human MUC1-MBP fusion protein
Conclusions During making the dehydrated treatment of the over 65-year-old sufferers with impatient and big area cerebral infarction, at the urgent circumstance that have no the brain herniation, the small amount of Mannitol is better than the big amount of Mannitol
The results showed that in addition to ACTH_(1-39)-immunoreactive neurons found in the infundibular nucleus of the hypothalamus which were identical with the previous reports, negafivt ACTH_(1-39)immunoreactive neurons were also found in paraventricular and supraoptic nuclei.
Objective To explore the relationship between body fluid immune factors and disease phases of depression through comparing the level of IgA,IgG,IgM,C3 and C4 in different disease phases.
STUDY ON THE SYSTEM OF RAPD FOR WHEAT
Methods Ninety-eight male Wistar rats of SPF grade were randomly divided into 4 groups, the normal control group (n = 20), the GA group, the model group, and the prednisone group, 26 rats in each group
Design of Precision Adjustable Pulser of Implantable Cardiac Pacemaker Used for Experimental Animals
Study on the pathogen of postcholecystectomy syndrome non-induction by comcretion and tumor and the measurement of prevention and cure
PBS-Cr1 was digested with NotI and NheI, and the plasmid pBS-Vh-Cr1 was constructed.
Objective To Compare hypoglycemic effect of oral with enema insulin microspheres in diabetic rats, so as to manufacture a high bioavailability non-injection insulin preparation.
Results Coating material could contain 2. 5% EC,10% DBP,10% PEG-4000 in anhydrous ethanol coating liquid,which could prepare flexible,compact,uniform membrane,and this experiment succesfully prepared paeonol sustained-release tablets of zero order release.Conclusions Self-made Pae osmotic pump membrane has good proton conductivity.
Comparison of Clinical Effectiveness for the Different Neuropathy Scoring Systems in Screening of Asymptomatic Diabetic Peripheral Neuropathy
Nutrient composition and nutritive quality of the muscle of Microp-terus salmoides,“Youlu No.1”
At the end of traini ng, the plasma TT concentration decreased in TG, with no statistical significance.
Methods Thirty Wistar rats were randomly assigned to normal,EA,and EA+SCF antibody injection(EA-ABI) groups(n=10).
Nucleic acids containing one or more carbocyclic sugars are also included within the definition of nucleic acids (see Jenkins, et al., Chem. Soc. Rev., (1995) pp. 169-176
Results: The analysis revealed a stage-1 success rate at 60%(12/20) and complication rate at 40%(8/20).It also revealed that 3 cases developed fistula,and 5 cases developed urethral stricture.The fistula and urethral stricture were occurred at the site of urethral termino-terminal anastomosis.
Conclusions The results suggested that age increment as well as SBP is an independent risk factor for type 2 diabetes mellitus withmacrovascular complications and the MS gene A2756G polymorphism has no relationship to the hereditary susceptibility for that.
the amplify fragments were electrophoresized in a 6% polyacrylamide gel for DNA sequence, and then autoradiographed
Albumin Group was administered human albumin 10g for 5 days;
Clinical analysis of 12 cases of long bone ossifying fibromas
It shows that the start,Cifferentiation and development of ovule fibre cell are diffferent in time and order by observing that of Summer "Zhongmian" Cotton Seed No. 16 through the scanning electron-microscope. It takes the ovule cell 2 to 4 hours to be in globular shape.The order of producing fibre on the ovule is that it begins in the centre and spreads in two ends,more quickly in the joint of ovule but slowly in the ends,latest nearby the ends.
Method:A total of 11TTP patients received plasma exchange treatment,and biochemical changes before and after treatment,as well as outcome of all patients were monitored.
Study on Bacteriocin Production Condition of Lactobacillus Plantarum HO-69
Clinical Study on Preventive Effect of Taozhi Zhipu Mixture on Postoperative Intestinal Adhesion
Application of Microbial Composite Bacteria of GSH Series in Biological Septic Tank
ion implantation is employed to deliver one or more atomic species into and beneath the diamond growth surface in order to form an implanted layer with a peak concentration of atoms at a predetermined depth beneath the diamond growth surface.
Plants Adapt to Long-Term Potassium Deficiency by Accumulation of Membrane Lipids in Leaves and Maintenance of Lipid Composition in Roots
the vinyl acetate based polymer solution is prepared by dissolving 3-80 wt % of a vinyl acetate based polymer in a solvent.
Dichloroª²4ª² nitroaniline reacted in the presence of ethanol to give3,5ª² dichloronitrobenzene through diazotization and deamination reactions.
And taking the mice off the drug restored their original intestinal balance and behavior
Velocity of blood flow in artery and vein showed decreased in most of fundus diseases such as central retinal artery or vein occlusion,diabetic retinopathy,etc.
in another experiment it was teste whether MB-PCR is able to detect that methylation status of the above loci in biological sample, several leukaemia cell lines were analyzed.
The Sense of Examining Blood SoD、MAD and GSH in infant spasm
Inhibition of human bladder tumor cell line EJ by adenovirus mediated over expression of human p27 KIP1
47. An arterial device, for use with a patient having an aorta and a body blood circulation system, the arterial device comprising a distal portion arrangement configured for being accommodated in the aorta of the patient in use of the arterial device, said distal portion arrangement comprising:
Despite the early promise of this newly defined class of anti-cancer therapeutics, several limitations remain that may limit their use as a cancer therapeutic.
The sequence identity result has reach to 100 % on the comparison between blast alignment and Rhodopseudanonas palustris.The result proved that the separated microorganism is Rhodopseudanonas palustris.
Conclusion bFGF expression accompanies the expression of NGF,and earlier than NGF after
Average genetic distance among three groups varied from 0.1615 to 0.2744, with greater genetic distance between two selected stocks.
RS content is determined indirectly by measuring the amount of digested carbohydrate (i.e., free glucose) after 120 min of incubation, then calculating RS by subtracting the amount of free glucose from carbohydrate to give % RS based on the carbohydrate content
at day 30 , the tumors sizes are shown in table 8 and table 9 .
Results Cardiac function was significantly improved in patients who received combined medication(P 0. 05), and the mortality reduced.
retrospective study on cholesteatoma otitis media coexisted with cholesterol granuloma
an electroactive lacquer layer ( VEA ) containing at least one binding polymer including the components of an electroactive medium formed by:
some patient have systems within their home which generate therapeutic gas and fill portable cylinders with that therapeutic gas
Compared with Sham group, the level of β3AR mRNA expression was significantly increased in heart failure control group and metoprolol group (P0.05).
Study on Synthesis of Butyl Butyrate Catalyed by Sodium Hydrogen Sulphate
Urbaniak reported the first disc prosthesis implanted in animals .
11 . the artificial spinal joint of claim 8 wherein the first bridge component comprises a caudal bridge extending from the caudal anterior component .
Experimental Study on Relative Factors of Affecting Humoral Immunity Response of Patients with Hydatid Disease
performing enzymolysis the protein in the product by a complex protease to ensure that the protein exists in the form of peptide protein and the protein in the fermented product has excellent animal absorption ratio and bioavailability;
Conclusion:Compared to the patients received homogeneous blood transfusion,the patients received stored autohemotransfusion had rapid recovery of various indexes and less erythrocytic injury.
the present invention relate to a food-grade antibacterial polycarbonate plastic material and its production method. said plastics contain ( wt%) 90-99% of polycarbonate and 1-10% of orgnaic nano antibacterial material, and its production method include that following steps
imager are known for obtaining internal image of a patient such as ultrasound images,
Medical Treatment of Lung-Heart Disease in Community
increase crop food values, high yields, feed value, reduced production cost, pest resistance, stress tolerance, drought resistance, that production of pharmaceuticals, chemicals and biological molecules as well as other beneficial traits are all potentially achievable through genetic engineering techniques.
Methods Seven cases of postoperative secondary intra-abdominal abscess were implanted with direct percutaneous Pig-tail drainage tube under CT guidance.
Psychological features of patients with obstructive sleep apnea-hypopnea syndrome and its intervention
The Rho / Rho-kinase signaling pathway also plays an important role in the pathogenesis and pathophysiology of coronary heart disease(CHD),possibly making it an important therapeutic target for CHD.
There were significant difference between the standard metabolic rates determined under different salinities(P<0.01),with significant different between the exponent(P<0.05).
Conclusion The molecular may be as a transgenic construct which can be injected into embyro and produce a human CD59 transgenic animal model
in a preferred embodiment that initiator comprise one or more of a hydrogen halide, a carboxylic acid, a carboxylic acid halide, a sulfonic acid, an alcohol, a phenol, a tertiary alkyl halide, a tertiary aralkyl halide, a tertiary alkyl ester, a tertiary aralkyl ester, a tertiary alkyl ether, a tertiary aralkyl ether, alkyl halide, aryl halide, alkylaryl halide, or arylalkylacid halide.
Magnet therapy clothes of magnetic therapy apparatus
Theoretical study on the adsorption structures of n-C_(18)H_(37)OH self-assembled on graphite surface
Influence of nimodipine on elimination of soman in rabbit blood and distribution of [3~H]soman in mice
Result:Compared with sham operation group,LDH,MDA and MPO increased and SOD decreased in IRI group(P<0.05).Compared with IRI group,LDH,MDA and MPO decreased and SOD inecreased in PFC group(P<0.05),and PFC inhibited the histomorphological changes of ischemic myocardium.
auricle deflection
An isotopically labelled 3-acetyl deoxynivalenol produced in this manner has a molecular mass that is heavier by 17 g/mol than that of unlabelled or not thoroughly or incompletely labelled 3-acetyl deoxynivalenol.
4 cases received interventional therapy under the scope without any complications.
Autism, Infantile: A rare syndrome that in most cases is present from birth or begins in the first 30 months.
Results: Gestational age and body weight had close relationship with infection of thrush(gestational age group and weight group:χ2=24. 5,P<0.005 and χ2=10. 3,P<0.05).Days of hospital,feeding patterns,the course of antibiotics had relationship with neonatal thrush(P<0.005).
Studies of Natural Macromolecular Adsorbent I. Preparation of Chitosan Crosslinked by Ethylene Glycol Bisglycidyl Ether and Its Properties of Adsorbing Cu ( Ⅱ) and Ni
123 to 13. 206).And symptomatic CMV infection increased the prevalence rate of BPD(OR=3. 194,95%CI:1.
High-fat Diet during Perinatal Period Affects Hypothalamic NPY, POMC, GHS-R and GLP-1R mRNA Levels in Adult Rat Offspring
Preparation of Bacterial Protoplast-Derived Microvesicle Loaded with EGF Fusion Protein
Five novel open chain crown ether with pyridine as terminal groups have been synthesised and characterized by elemental analysis, IR, 1HNMR and MS spectroscope
Proto-Oncogene Proteins c-pim-1 \ Serine-threonine protein kinases that relay signals from CYTOKINE RECEPTORS and are involved in control of CELL GROWTH PROCESSES; CELL DIFFERENTIATION; and APOPTOSIS.
The Comparison analysis of Venlafaxine and amitriptyline in the treatment of depression
Study on the determination of astragaloside in vanillin phosphoric acid system by spectrophotofluorimetry
Also preferably said anti-idiotype antibody is a monoclonal antibody and said reference immunoglobulin is a monoclonal human immunoglobulin.
Chinese medical theory that " kidney essence,the main bone marrow," the growth of bone and renal close.
An alternative to the methods described above for making examples of cages B and D involves forming the tubular cage structure 12 around a very light weight capillary tube made of a thin non-woven.
Aim To observe the effect of Amiodarone combined with Irbesartan treating paroxysmal atrial fibrillation.
Significance of costimulatory molecules B7:CD28/ CTLA4 in patients with acute coronary syndrome
Comparative study on two different ways of hydration and alkalization in the treatment of childhood acute lymphoblastic leukemia with high-dose methotrexate.
The recurrence rate was 8. 3%.The 5 year survival rate was 91. 6%.
Conclusion:PTMS assay is an important reference for male fertility assessment and the choice of assisted reproductive technology.
By selection with G418, G418 resistant cells, i. e. P815-CE2 were obtained, and were already selected under the pressure of G418 for more than 80 days, 12 generations continuously. These suggested that transfection was successful.
Keywords Low dose radiation(LDR); human small cell lung carcinoma(NCI-H446); Nude mice; Apoptosis; Situ hybridization; Gene
24. A binding protein comprising the light chain variable region of claim 13 or 17, or a variant thereof.
In vitro culture of ear fibroblast cells from Lu-chuan pig
It is one where it is very difficult so far to have an infusion of new blood into the system which the Honourable Miss Margaret NG has just talked about
Entry of Infectious Spleen and Kidney Necrosis Virus
Methods: Sixty patients with mild active UC were divided into first and second control groups( n = 20 for each) and treatment group( n =20).The first control group received oral Etiasa,the second control group was given sulfasalazine retention enema,and the treatment group received intestinal hydrotherapy plus colon perfusion with Yunnan white medicinal powder and Xilei powder.
Firstly, nano- TiO2 was prepared and used to modify thin films, the effects of the adding amounts of filler on the permeation and mechanical property of films were studied
Effect of verapamil on acute renal failure in patients with hemorrhagic fever with renal syndrome
AIM To investigate the characteristics of adverse drug reactions(ADRs) caused by azlocillin in our hospital so as to provide rational reference for clinical medication.
The comet assay showed that the tail length,tail DNA content,and tail moment of the earthworms were in non-normal distribution.On day 11 and day 14,the damaged level of DNA in acclimated E. fetida was much lower than that in un-acclimated E. fetida.
wherein from 5 to 95 mol (:)/0 of the repeat units in block A contain branched alkyl groups (that is to say, alkyl branches or alkyl branching groups, such as ethyl groups), with the proviso that when the copolymer comprises a tapered copolymer, greater than 38.5 mol % to 95 mol % of the repeat units in block A contain branched (branching) alkyl groups, the branched alkyl groups of block A optionally being further substituted;
The Clinical Study of Plasma Thrombomodulin, Protein C Antigen and D-dimer in Malignant Tumors
Results:95 percent of the patients’ pain relieved postoperatively.
Transdermal delivery, when compared to oral delivery, avoids the harsh environment of the digestive tract, bypasses gastrointestinal drug metabolism, reduces first-pass effects, and avoids the possible deactivation by digestive and liver enzymes.
Relationship between QT Interval Dispersion and Left Ventricular Hypertrophy
AIM: To observe the effect of exogenous basic fibroblast growth factor (bFGF) on the regeneration of motor endplate during the repair of nerve injury at late period
EXAMPLE 2 Granulation of excipient beads with powder excipients (Granulation of pharmaceutical ingredients with different physical characteristics) 1.5 kg and 10 kg of a granulation containing 39% Sugar spheres (Non-pareil) and 49.5% of mannitol Pearlitol (SD200) were obtained in a Glatt GPCG3GPCG3 and GPCG15GPCG15 fluid bed column respectively.
receptor protein-tyrosine kinases
VP4 Genotype Study of Group A Rotavirus from Children with Diarrhea Isolated in Wuhan
Study on phase composition in the precursor of a Cu based methanol synthesis catalyst
the eletrochemical immunosensor is a new technique for assay of the antigen.
There is the urgent need to develop new methods and drugs for treatment of edema and swelling of the brain.
Keratin-3 \ A type II keratin that is found associated with the KERATIN-12 in the CORNEA and is regarded as a marker for corneal-type epithelial differentiation.
In vitro study of fluoride preconditioning in attenuating sensitivity induced by tooth bleaching
In these 30 patients,17 were treated with real stimulation,and 13 were treated with sham stimulation.
The product KB(C6H5) 4(micellar potassium tetraphenylboron) was determined by visible spectrophotometry at 520nm wavelength
as long as the resulting composition contains the appropriate weight ratios of the supercritical and post-supercritical hydroalcoholic turmeric extracts.
The frequency of ε4 was significantly higher in AD than that in the controls.
usually a hand held doppler probe is used to listen to the blood flow either in the brachial artery for blood pressure in the arms or in the dorsalis pedis and posterior tibial arteries for ankle blood pressures.
Application of photoselective vaporization combined with transurethral resection prostate in the treatment of benign prostatic hyperplasia and the assessment of the degree of trauma
Studies on Detecting and Typing of Rickettsia Tsutsugamushi by polymerase Chain Rea ction
The HMP pathway in callus of resistant varieties raised markedly with increases of respiratory rate, and the proportion of HMP to total respiration raised from 19.4% ( 12 hours) to 61.1% ( 60 hours) .
human SEMA 4C gene capable of inhibit myoblast multiplication and promoting differentiation to myotube
Once the vector has been incorporated into the appropriate host, the host is maintained under conditions suitable for high level expression of the nucleotide sequences, and the collection and purification of the mutant "engineered" antibodies.
histological observation cm that differentiation of adventitious bud in T-DNA contained leave of Solanum nigrum
the 100% roll oats serve as thicken agents and have that function of helping to lower cholesterol.
Effect of Qi-supplementing and Yin-nourishing Drugs on Blood SugarLevel and Reaction of Lipid Peroxidation in Diabetic Rats
The testing results indicated that the content of N and K+ have positive correlation which in the beet root of each growing stage where N level increasing and to be based on P2O5 7.5 kg/mu and K2O 5.0 kg/mu applied in the Autumn,and has negative correlation in the blade.
Methods 50 of 45 cases ureterostenosis were underwent incision with Ho: YAG laser from May 2004 to October 2005 and retained Double J tube for 2~3 months. The ultrasound and excretion urography after 4,12 and 26 week extubation
This paper discussed the optimum preparation of chitosan from chitin. Meanwhile, the parameters in the making of chitosan were determined, and the biocompatibility of the chitosan and the blood coagulation on the surface of the chitosan were discussed. Medical bandages made specially from the chitosan have very good cruor effect.;
T cells are collected, washed, counted and analysed by flow cytometry for expression of CMV TCR on cell surface using antibodies against CD3, CD8 and V.beta. 13.1 (and tetramer staining).
Methods rVSMCs were transfected with an adenoviral vector expressing Mfn2(Adv-Mfn2-GFP).
LYOLUMINESCENCE DOSIMETRY USING SOME SACCHARIDES IN ~(60)Co γ-RAYS FIELD
Methods TUAE on 75 patients who diagnosised adenomyosis,and the clinical effect were analyzed.
Establishment of 11S Globulin by Double Antibody Sandwich ELISA Method
since the choice of the spectral range of absorption may allow for adjusting whether a contrast agent is mainly detectable on tissue surface or deeper located tissue areas and since in many cases contrast agents have only a small range of absorption
In contrast to type 1 diabetes, type 2 diabetes may go unnoticed for years before diagnosis.
G6PD gene mutation types of G1388A(C2), G1376T(C1), A95G(C6), C1024T(C5) and C592T(C7) were present in all three nationalit ies. The prevalence of G1376T was higher in th e Yao nationality than that of G1388A, while the Zhuang nationality had more G1388A than G1376T
it get its alterable gene and amino acid sequcence,
an insemination containment element as described in claim 114 wherein said low number of sperm cells as compared to a the number of sperm cells typically found in a natural insemination comprises a number of sperm cells selected from a group consisting of : less than about ten million sperm , less than about five million sperm , less than about two million sperm , less than about one million sperm , less than about five hundred thousand sperm , and less than about one hundred thousand sperm .
Synthesis of optical active sesquiterpenes and the exploration of their antifertility effect
Methods A total of 305 strains of pathogens were identified from clinical specimens in malignant tumor patients undergoing radiotherapy and chemotherapy by VITEK-32 automatic microbiology analysis system and common methods from January 2010 to December 2011. The drug sensitivity test was detected according to the guideline of the Clinical and Laboratory Standards Institute(CLSI).
Effect of preoperative radiotherapy on locally advanced esophageal cancer
The Separation of Acetic Acid from Glyoxal Solution
The invention discloses a traditional Chinese medicine preparation for treating cervical vertigo, which is mainly prepared by combining the following 18 traditional Chinese medicines according to certain weight proportions: tuber pinellia, bighead atractylodes rhizome, gastrodia tuber, tuckahoe, dried orange peel, peach kernel, safflower, angelica, prepared rhizome of rehmannia, red peony root, hemlock parsley, hawthorn, bamboo shavings, grass-leaved sweetflag, baikal skullcap root, selfheal spike, kudzu root and licorice.
Analysis on Isolation and Antibiotic Resistance of 249 Strains of Haemophilus influenzae
such as cellulosic fibers extracted from wood , plant leaves , and plant stems .
in an exemplary embodiment that bone void fill comprises a polysaccharide, a ceramic material and a polymer that exhibit thermosetting properties such that it exists as a viscous liquid at room temperature and as a gel at about body temperature.
influence of cadmium on growth and behavior of suckle mice through chronic maternal Exposure
Q-VERSUS NON-Q-WAVE ACUTE MYOCARDIAL INFARCTION:CLINICAL CHARACTERISTICS AND RESULTS
The process of thinking through all aspects of patient care to determine the course of treatment for a clinical problem.
The Study of the Value of MR DWI and Single-voxel ~1H MR Spectroscopy in the Diagnosis of Breast Diseases
In preclinical studies, cetuximab alone inhibits the in vitro growth of some, but not all EGFR-expressing NSCLC cell lines
Conclusion:According to the children’s maxillary anterior region supernumerary teeth removal perioperative risk analysis,to take corresponding nursing.It can shorten the operation time, reduce the surgical trauma in the process,avoid the accidents,reduce the postoperative complications,so as to improve the effect of operation.
The optimal conditions for extracting procyanidins from natural products with subcritical R134a(1,1,1,2-tetrafluoroethane) were obtained using a 10 mL high pressure extraction vessel.
By using fluorescence staining method,the effect of Chinese herbal medicine Cordyceps sinensis on intracellular free calcium (Ca2+) level in cultured neonatal rat myocardial cells and in anoxia-reoxygenation myocardial cells were studied with adherent cell analysis and sorting cytometer 570 (ACAS 570).
it has increase distribution area on gastrointestinal surface, with low irritation, high bioavailability and good therapeutic effect.
Analysis of Clinical Effect of Guxintai
location controlled releasing method for ultrasonic microbubble contrast medium
wherein the RNAi construct is used for inhibiting proliferation of epithelial cells .
Objective To investigate the effects of TNF-α,IFN-γ and IL-6 on the differentiation of leukemic cell.
Relationship between the RASSF1AmRNA and Promoter Methylation of RASSF1A Gene in Gastric Cardia Adenocarcinoma
Differentiation of mononuclear cells from human umbilical cord blood into neural cells
The front and back height of vertebral body were average 48.3% and 75.6% respectively before operation. Then their heights were 86.8% and 88.1% respectively post-operation.
Conclusion: It suggests that there is a correlation between skin photoaging and the pathogeny of seborrheic keratosis according to the variation ofexpression about biological markers including EGFR,PTEN,c-Jun and MMP-1,as well as increasing degeneration of elastic fibers in the lesions.The occurrence of facial seborrheic keratosis may be generated by photoaging.
Construction and identification of lentiviral vector of RNA interference of GFβ1 gene
Monitoring portal vein complications following liver transplantation by color Doppler flow imaging
By using c-Ha-ras-1, N-ras wigler (left sequence) P~(52C-)(rigrit sequence), csis, v-erbB, c-myc and v-fos 6 oncogenes as probes, restriction fragment length polymorphisms (RFLPs) of tumour tissue DNAs of 95 patients with gastric caroinoma, primary hepatic carcinoma and brain tumour, and that of 90 normal individuals were studied With the techniques of southern blot and dot blot.
Methods:90 patients with hypertension were divided into two groups randomizedly, carvedilol group and labetalol group. Blood pressure, heart rate, ECG and biochemical tests were observed before and after taking the drug, and side effects were recorded at the same time.
A process for preparing plastics self-degradable in compost environment includes adding modified starch (15-30 Wt.%) and degradation promoter containing the Fe ions compound and oleic acid or linoleic acid to polyethylene, and stirring.
METHODS: The separation of D-NNA and L-NNA in plasma was achieved by chiral ligand exchange method via CEC
implant are used in combination with a fibrosis-inducing agent in ord to induce fibrosis that may otherwise not occur when that implant is placed within an animal or increase fibrosis between the implant and the host tissue.
The epigenetics can provide new theories to interpret the regulatory mechanism in gene expression and biological heredity.
Effects of 2A-1-1 on the Ca~(2+) Influx of Platelets From Essential Hypertension
Objective:To investigate the prophylaxis and treatment of biliary fistula after removal of T-tube
Similar to previous studies, an association between higher FFP:PRBC ratios at 24 hours and improved survival was observed.
Study on the Relationship between Chronic Prostatitis and Vasectomy
Study on Ageing Properties of Copper Conductive Adhesive
The experimental group was injected with escherichia coli endotoxin(10μg/kg) into auricular vein twice by 24-hour intervals,and prednisolone(20mg/kg) was injected into buttock three times by 24-hour intervals to make steroid-induced femoral head necrosis model.
Methods 129 pregnant women suffered from severe preeclampsia were enrolled for retrospective analysis.The rates of neonatal asphyxia and perinatal mortality were observed.
the synthetic method is also the same as that for the synthesis of tg14-r, with the change being in the molar ratio of epoxy silane to aliphatic diamine.
The patients were receiving mood stabilizers, had moderate to severe depression, and participated in a 10-week trial of sertraline, venlafaxine, or bupropion.
Clinical analysis of 142 cases hyperuricemia among the teachers with high-ranking title of
Investigation of Current Situations of Diabetes Education and the Nurses' Roles in it in Eastern China
Among these samples,ethyl acetate fraction exhibited the best performance in DPPH assay and reducing power assay.
Objective: To examine whether men with hepatitis B would impact the IVF/ICSI outcomes.
Now QT interval dispersion has become an important non-invasive marker to predict the life-threatening ventricular arrhythmias
Study on thermodynamic properties for coordination reaction of 5-Br-PADAP and Cu(Ⅱ) in micelle solution by means of UV spectrum
the resulting suspension is filtered and the solid retained is washed with 20 ml ( 1 volume ) of cold methanol.
the present invention provides methods of inducing contraception which includes delivering to a female a composition containing a compound of formula ( I ), or tautomers thereof, in a regimen which involves delivering one or more of a selective estrogen receptor modulator, wherein formula ( I ) and wherein R-R and Q are defined as described herein.
nanosized ag particles made according to the methods of the present invention may be used in anti-bacterial agents, burn creams, ointments, preservatives and mineral supplements.
Sheppard MDProfessor and Vice-Chairman of Surgery at the Digestive Health Center at the Oregon Health Sciences University (OHSU
Concomitant Coronary Artery Bypass Surgery in Peripheral Blood Stem Cell Transplant Surgery, Half a Year after Surgery for Follow-up
Compared with the conventional fertilize application habit, has the advantages that: (1) seed germinates fast, important systems are developed, seedlings are uniform and strong; (2) seed germinates 2-3 days earlier; (3) quarry tile temperature is increased by 2-3 DEG C; (4) desinsectization effect is obvious; (5) fertilize efficiency is improved by more than 30%; (6) fruits are full, yield is improved by 15-50%; (7) soil is activated and fertilized, and soil fertility improves ecology environment; (8) quality of crop is improved.
The energy spectra of intermediate mass fragments (IMF) emitted in 30 MeV/u 40 Ar+ 115 In reaction has been measured.
Analysis of Genetic Structure in Population of Larix Kaempferi by Chloroplast SSR Markers
The term "mammalian host cell", "host cell", "mammalian cell" and the like, refer to cell lines derived from mammals that are capable of growth and survival when placed in either monolayer culture or in suspension culture in a medium containing the appropriate nutrients and growth factors.
In order to discuss the microbial degradation of deltamethrin(DM),the sediment of the fourth Liuhe river in Nanjing chemical industrial park were taken as the experimental material,and the effects of temperature and initial concentration of DM on its degradation rate were also studied.
Synthesis of 2-methyl-4'-nitro-dual benzonic ether with phase transfer catalyst
It has been shown that human CYR61 is regulated by 1a,25-dihydroxyvitamin D3 [1,25- (OH)2D3] and growth factors in fetal human osteoblasts.
Expression of endothelin-1 in bronchus of rat with chronic hypoxia and hypercapnia
Methods Electrocardiograph with 0-90 Hz frequency and 50 mm/sec paper speed were recorded in standard lead of Ⅰ,Ⅱ,Ⅲ and aVL,aVR,aVF unipolar limb lead in 312 mice.
Treatment of Cushing's syndrome may include the following.
When the routine examinations can not identify the pathogenesis of malignant pleural effusion,the thoracoscopy should be applied.
Clinical analysis and pathological characteristics of lymph nodes of cat-scratch disease
||Significance of postanalysis of covariance comparison of baseline-adjusted mean scores.
the mixed solution is continuously stirred in the adding process to ensure undissolved substance to be dissolved in time,
Effects of the Formula of Invigorating Qi, Warming Yang and Activating Blood Circulation to Dissipate Blood Stasis on Apoptosis in Vascular Smooth Muscle Cell after Angioplastry
This study investigated the status of college young teachers' mental health with SCL-90 and EPQ. It shows that there are four problems about college young teachers' mental health: body and mind, interpersonal relationships, stress, emotional stability.
casein coagulant enzyme inactivated
mini-F plasmids carrying particular chromosomal fragments were constructed. Through homologous recombination they were expected to integrate onto predetermined sites of the chromosome of dnaA46 strain LC381. Chromosome replication of suppressive integration (Sin) strains were recA dependent or independent according to the site of integration of the plasmid: chromosome replication of those with the plasmid integrated close to oriC were found to be recA dependent at 40℃;
Objective: A retrospective analysis for the treatment for 206 cases of hypokalemia related endocrine and metabolic diseases.
Cytotoxic Constituents from Selaginella tamariscina
This DNA sequence was 6838 bp including six introns.
The genetically engineered glandular trichome-bearing plants contain and express one or more genes which encode proteins active in the biosynthetic pathways which produce the terpenes, terpenoids and small molecules.
Especially for treatment C-3, the water loss was only 12.5%, the good fruit rate was 70.25%, and the contents of Vc, organic acids and soluble solids were 1.1 μg/g, 1.96% and 8.5%, respectively after a 25-day-storage period, while those untreated lost their commercial value after a 6-day-storage period.
The insect Sf-9cells were infected with the recombinant baculovirus Bv-LM-PH and expressed eGFP.
inhibit mechanism of mifepristone on Androgen-Independent prostate cancer cell line LNCaPC_ ( 4-2 ), PC3 in vitro
The ice-covering-proof coating comprises, by mass, 1-50% of phase change silicone oil, 1-50% of nano particles with the particle sizes of 30-80nm, 7-85% of hydrophobic resin, 0-30% of curing agents and 10%-90% of solvent.
Several parameters have been postulated as predictors of the ovarian response, all of which strive to assess ovarian reserve, such as age, basal FSH, basal E2, basal inhibin B, P/E2 ratio and the challenge tests.
Objective:Study on the difference of the genes between the epileptic rats and the normal rats'cerebral cortex tissues.
Study on Preparation of Magnetic Composite Carriers and Their Application for Immobilized Lipase
The digestibilies of gross energy (GE) ,dry matter(DM), crude protein (CP), crude fat (EE) and crude fiber(CF) were improved by 9.55%、 11.12%、 7.59%、 8.95%, and 5.06% respectively for the sickly pandawith digestive abnormality in this group.
The expression of Fas and Fas ligand in noncontained discs was higher than that of contained discs,the difference was significant(P < 0. 05).
Results: VEGF and CA125 of ovary cancer patients were obviously higher than that of benign ovary tumor and normal control group(Povary cancer patients were obviously higher than the forepart (1~ st and 2~ nd periods) (P<0.01).
A comparative study in the effects of risperidone and haloperidol on the cognitive function in patients with Tourette’s syndrome
Classical swine fever virus detecting method and kit thereof by nucleic acid isothermal amplication
Method A self-diesigned brain endoscope with a wide working channel was used for resection of deep-seated brain neoplasm or other cranial cerebral operations of 30 patients operated on endoscopically, 13 had intracranial tumor,15 hypertensive intracerebral haematoma,1 thalamic abscess, and 1 cysticercosis.
【Objective】To study the expressions of p57kip2 mRNA and protein in various stages of human hepatocellular carcinoma(HCC) in order to explore the molecular mechanism of hepatocarcinoma.
CT diagnosis of intrahepatic peripheral cholangiocarcinoma
Glycerol conversion to 1,3-propanediol by a newly isolated microorganism
Tumor cells which express CD can selectively convert 5-FC to the anticancer drug 5-fluorouracil , which is metabolized by
The natives, and later even the prospectors, ate evey imaginable desert animal.They are everything from the bighorn sheep to snakes, rats, and lizards.
Results The study showed that the contents and proportions of dimethyl sulfide were significantly higher in H. pylori positive subjects than those in H. pylori negative ones(P<0.05).
Conclusion Over expression of Maspin and VEGF-C was detected in ovarian carcinoma.High expression of Maspin and VEGF-C are seemed to play a role in ovarian cancer angiogenesis, progression and lymph node metastases.
Effect of Bio-active Humic Substance on the Biomass of Glycyrrhiza uralensis,Soil Humus Composition and Enzymatic Activities
The polymorphic markers D5S436 and D5S393 were amplified by PCR incorporated with radioactive isotope. Linkage analysis was performed using the sib pair method. Results Nine alleles in D5S436 were obtained.
Conclusion The infection of HPVs,especially high-risk HPV16 is related to the development of cervical cancer;
Results The 18 patients were recovered after 48 hours of treatment,including emetic,gastric lavage,infusion and injection of effective antidote(methylene blue),vitamin C and glucose.All of them had no sequelae.
There was no obvious relationship between S100A11 and the different pathologic staging and different histological types of carcinoma of endometrium.
Study of Behavior Disorders andRelated Factors of Learning Disabilities
Clinical and molecular study of a family with sitosterolemia coexisting erythrocyte and platelet abnormalities
The Comparative Efficacy of Laparoscopic and Traditional Open Repair in the Treatment of Gastric Ulcer Perforation
significance of red cell immune function and MDA change in acute ischemic cerebrovascular disease
Influence of thoracic breathing training and abdominal breathing training for the pulmonary function of patients with early cerebral apoplexy
Chronic 180-day administration of Thiotriazolin tablets resulted in normal weight gain of animals treated in doses of 100 and 250 mg/kg (comparable to the control group); slightly reduced body weight in treated animals was noted when administered subtoxic dose of 500 mg/kg. The body temperature of treated animals is not changed.
basal body in certain flagellated protozoans that consists of a minute mass of chromatin embedded in the cytoplasm at the base of the flagellum
Herein below information is provided on CD40 and CD40L in order to illustrate the role of CD40 and its ligand in inflammatory disorders.
the invention irritates head acupoints by massaging and utilizes medicine point penetration and skin adsorption to dredge main and collateral channels, regulate qi and blood, improve autoimmune function, strengthen physique and strengthen resistance to diseases so as to obtain the purpose of self health care.
to displace said mandibular dentition engagement unit or dental overlay forwardly in relation to said maxillary dentition engagement unit, displacing the mandible of the subject and thereby effecting a displacement of the temporomandibular joint.
Non-digestible oligosaccharides (NDO) are therefore thought responsible for the lower incidence of infections and of atopic diseases observed in human milk fed infants compared with formula fed infants.
The MELD score is calculated from the serum bilirubin and creatinine concentrations and the international normalized ratio (INR) for the prothrombin time.
The pollen germination and pollen tube growth of tea plant,as well as their relationship with nitric oxide(NO)under low-temperature were studied using pollen of culivar‘Longjing 43’.
said segment comprising the tunica submucosa and basilar tissue of the tunica mucosa
taxane and taxane synergist selecte from anti-cancer antibiotic and tetrazine drug
the acanthopanax wat extract disclosed by that invention is use for research of intestinal inflammation of drosophila melanogaster, and lays a foundation for a novel medicinal direction of acanthopanax.
Loncarevic IF, Zentgraf H, Schroder CH.Sequence of a replication competent hepatitis B virus genome with a preX open reading frame.Nucleic Acids Res 1990;
Non - Alcoholic Steatohepatitis, more popularly as Fatty Lier Disease, occurs in approximately 15 % of obese children
in accordance with that present invention, the expression" semi-crystalline polymer" mean polymers comprise a crystallizable portion, crystallizable pendent chain, or crystallizable block in the skeleton
Pathology is an important bridge discipline between basic and clinical medicine.It is a key in the diagnosis and treatment of diseases.In order to stimulate students’ interesting and improve the quality of experimental teaching of pathology,Department of Pathology in Hebei North University put multiple interactions teaching mode into practice.
in addition, compound of that invention were shown to stop growth of tumors in vivo, and to reduce the size of tumor in vivo
the term " common solvent " is defined to mean a solvent, as the term solvent is defined above, in which both the monofunctional monomer and the multifunctional monomer are soluble.
Plastic bags are used instead of ground to culture black edible fungus, the antibiosis strain of black edible fungus is obtained from wild sample of black fungus through histodifferentiation and five generation successive selection, its hyphae are white and fine hair-like, and can eat off mould, it is cultured at 25-28 deg. C for about 10 days in 18X180mm test tubes,
the acidic catalyst can be selecte from that group comprising sulphuric acid, sulfonic acid and acidic ion-exchange resin.
Absorption spectra method for the determination of chloramphenicol with eosin Y as probe
The assays of serum ceruloplasmin and C-reactive protein and the correlation analysis with coronary heart disease
These findings indicate that AMC and VPA have an antiepileptic effect on PIE in rats,and the antiepileptic effect of AMC may be mediated by the GABAC receptors and GABA.
The DSC results indicate that melting temperature,crystallization temperature of PEO/LiClO4 blends increases at first and decreases afterwards with LiClO4 content.The crystallinity of PEO keeps invariant at first and decreases afterwards with LiClO4 content.
The Influence of HuangLianQingJiangHeJi on Blood Pressure and Plasma ET、NO、Ang Ⅱof SHR
APPLICATION OF MULTI-PLANAR RECONSTRUCTION TECHNIQUE OF SPIRAL CT AND ITS CLINICAL SIGNIFICANCE IN AXIS PEDICLES
05).Conclusion:MSCT coronary angiography can clearly detect the myocardial bridge,which can provide more worthy information for clinical diagnosis and treatment.
The germanium-based micrometer/nanometer cone array fluorescence pH sensor provided by the invention can be used for detecting pH values in a solution and cells.
Scanning laser entoptic perimetry for the detection of visual defects associated with diabetic retinopathy
Study on Obtaining Cr13 White Cast Iron With Troostite Matrix
Research Development of Clinical Treatment on Monosymptomatic Nocturnal Enuresis in Childhood
Theoretical Studies on Electronic Transport Properties of Oligoacene Molecules;
Another 69 strains were drug-resistant with an MIC≥1. 0mg/L, of which 23 showed an MIC≥16mg/L and were allβ-lactamase producers.
synthesis and characterization of B_3 monome and hyperbranched PEEK
The tumor growth and CTL were examined to assess the antitumor efficacy of the vaccine.
Objective To observe the effects of post-operative on-bed rehabilitation gymnastics on patients with lower limb fracture
Fundamental Studies on the Effect of Antisense HIF-1α Gene Transfection in Improving the Radiosensitivity of Oral Cancer
BPAA; p-butoxyphenylacetic acid
Polyphenol oxidase exhibited 3 kinds of trends which were increase-less-increased,decreased after increasing and increase-less-increase-less.Cellulase and pectinase exhibited similar change trend that was decreased after increasing with various peak value and appearance time.
The Progress of Relativity Between Zinc and Apoptosis
Dot-Enzyme Linked Immunosorbent Assay For Detection of Antibodies to Avian Influenza Virus
Treatment of mycosis of maxillary sinus by nasal endoscopic surgery
To build QSAR models,a multiple linear regression stepwise method was used.
The biological sample 30 also can be derived from other biological fluids or tissue, bone marrow, urine, spinal or pleural fluids or lymph glands.
The lasers are placed in the scanning head in such way to prevent direct exposure to the eye.
Results:It was positive correlation of β?2MG clearance with creatinine clearance (D/P Cr;?r?=0?49,?P?<0?05) and negative correlation of β?2MG with glucose absorptive activity (D/D?0;?r?=-0?72,?P?<0?01).
BE having the ability to synthesize glycogen is derived more preferably from a bacterium selected from the group consisting of Aquifex aeolicus, Aquifex pyrophilus, Rhodothermus obamensis, Rhodothermus marinus, Bacillus stearothermophilus, Bacillus caldovelox, Bacillus thermocatenulatus, Bacillus caldolyticus, Bacillus flavothermus, Bacillus acidocaldarius, Bacillus caldotenax, Bacillus smithii, Thermosynechococcus elongatus and Escherichia coli, and derived further more preferably from a bacterium selected from the group consisting of Aquifex aeolicus, Rhodothermus obamensis, Bacillus stearothermophilus, Bacillus caldovelox, Bacillus thermocatenulatus, Bacillus caldolyticus and Escherichia coli.
(2) IL-18 activated NF-κB from basal level of 0.153±0.008 to 1.942 ± 0.017. (3) Antisense PI 3-kinase ODN inhibited IL-18-induced NF-κB activation in a concentration (1-8 mg/L)- and time (5-24 h)-dependent fashion.
Identification and management of the anterior ethmoid sinus overgrowth during dacryocystorhinostomy
Compared with the treatment, the mixture of chemical gametocide and mental ions increased B and total N contents both in leaves and plants, the mixture of chemical gametocide and B increased the contents of Fe2+ and Ca2+ in leaves
The Cellular Immune Function of Chicken with Nutritional Encephalomalacia
Cultivation of this kind of forage in northwest China has been one of agricultural structure adjustments in China today.
CONCLUSION Wushen Anshen capsules has regulatoty effect on changes of behavior,body weight,fluid consumption and sugar consumption in rat model of chronic stress.
The recombinant polypeptide molecules object of the present invention, inasmuch they posses the capacity of recognizing and interacting with human VEGF-A and interfering with its pro-angiogenic activity and the ability of stimulating the proliferation of endothelial cells, can also affect other biological functions described for human VEGF, as those in which the molecule acts in the negative regulation of the immune response (Chouaib S et al. 1997. Immunology Today 18:493-497).
RESULTS:Wallerian degeneration and axonal loss were observed in the nerves of the operated animals at 4 weeks after surgery(P=0.000),and axonal regeneration changes were also noted in the injured nerves.
Diarrhoea is a common symptom of irritable bowel syndrome, which affects an estimated four million women in Britain.
Computerized medicinal vapor therapy massager
The result of study on effect of sugar and inorganic nitrogen to rooting of elm tip in tissue culture showed that rooting rate of new tip was higher in higher sugar level medium than in lower sugar level medium.
representative of suitable proteins derived from suitable protein sources is the group consisting of : whey proteins ,
the aforementioned linear or branch alkenyl group may have, as a substituent, a halogen atom, an oxygen-containing group having not more than 20 carbon atom, a nitrogen-containing group having not more than 20 carbon atoms, a silicon-containing group having not more than 20 carbon atom or that like.
soaking the cuttings of seed stems with 50 mg L-1 IBA + spraying 300 mg L-1 CC on the leaves at the first expanding stage of tuber growth, taking H2O as control
The detection rates are 26-88% (average 64%) and 16-74% (average 34%) for T-andB-lymphocytes respectively. The difference is statistically significant, P<0.01. In all cases but one, the infiltrating lymphocytes in the stroma are predominantly T lymphocytes.
23. A method for administering a photodynamic therapy to a target, comprising: (i) administering to a subject a conjugate of claim 1 or a pharmaceutically acceptable derivative thereof that preferentially associates with the target; and (ii) irradiating the subject with light of a wavelength and total fluence sufficient to produce a therapeutic effect.
Sustained Epidemic and Transient Oscillations of Schistosome Infection in Multiple Vertebrate Hosts
the amphoteric high polymer flocculant solution is prepared by dissolving the anionic flocculant, the cationic flocculant and the nonionic amphoteric high polymer flocculant in electrolytic solution, the saturation concentration of which is up to the critical flocculating concentration thereof.
②Totally 30 adult SD rats were divided into 3 groups at random: injury control group, early transplantation group and postpone transplantation group, 10 in each group.
As it is all known that,growth and metastasis of tumor depend on the forming of newborn blood vessel, and tumor cells can secrete vascular endothelial growth factor(VEGF) and its receptor which accelerate the forming of newborn blood vessel.
Objective To investigate the effects of isoflurane(ISO) preconditioning on the expressions of TNF-α and iNOS mRNA in ischemia reperfusion myocardium of young rabbits and clarify their mechanisms.
It is another feature of an embodiment of the present invention that an expansible implant may be expanded/opened-out in a bone restoration plane to a determined value: between a minimum thickness (e. g., the thickness of the implant before any expansion), and a maximum thickness (e. g., the thickness of the implant after maximum expansion).
The device can also be configured to be positioned directly on a patient, so as to passively compensate for respiratory chest motion, and it can include features to passively compensate for needle oscillation.
Change of Autonomic Nervous and Rennin-angiotensin-aldosterone-system Level in Syncope Patients during Tilt-table Test
in a 60 mm petri dish, a drop of BWW-Hepes medium and DNA solution ( 500 DNA molecules/pl ) is generate, covered with mineral oil.
prevention and subsequent treatment of myocardial infarction .
this information may be used in clinical practice to diagnose infections ,
Clinical analysis of fundus fluorescein angiography in 27 cases of low-perfused retinopathy
Impairment of mitochondrial energy metabolism after cerebral HI bears a lot in the occurrence of HIE
Dying with Hoechst33342 and observing the DNA breakage by fluorescence microscope
In other words, there is at least a reasonable possibility of a causal relationship between the study drug and the adverse event, and the reaction indicates a causal relationship.
the present invention relates to a method of replenishing primate mammalian cells.
Results The results showed that the first day after surgery,the pain scale was no significant difference between two groups( P < 0. 05).
A novel human hALC protein expressed in human liver, its coding sequence, the process for preparing said protein and its nucleic acid sequence, and the method for detecting human hAlC nucleic acid sequence and its polypeptide from specimen are disclosed.
Mean arterial pressure(MAP), portal pressure(PP), cardiac output(CO),cardiac index(CI), splanchnic vascular resistance(SVR), splanchnic blood flow(SBF) and serum nitrite levels were determined in L-NAME-treated,L-NAME-untreated cirrhotic rats and controls by using57Co-labled microsphere technique and a fluorometric assay, respectively.
The Small Intestinal Quickly Air-barium Double Contrast Examination with Non-intabatton
Retinoblastoma (Rb), located at 13q14, is a key tumor suppressor gene.
Method: the modified starch was added to the wet starch that was made from glutinous rice to determinate aging rate and retention rate
Value of Left Ventricular Ejection Fraction and Fractional Shortening to Predict Ventricular Arrhythmia after Coronary Artery Bypass Grafting
The Investigation of the Lactic Acid Bacteria Producing Lactolin
Preliminary research of acoustic radiation force impulse technique in deep venous thrombosis
They are nonmotile, do not form spores, do not form capsules, and, when stained, often appear beaded or granular
Conclusion The cardiac function and ventricular remodeling are improved profoundly in heart failure rats treated with Sijunzi Decoction.
The ABC Model of Floral Development
The cisterna ambiens, cisterna corporaquadrigemina, corpus callosum, posterior of the third ventricle, system of Galen veins, pineal gland and corpora quadrigemina were observed.
The effect of temperature, pH, Cu(II) dosage on the degradation of catalytic oxidation of methyl orange was investigated, and primary researches on their reaction kinetics and correlation mechanism were carried out
include that treatment of status epilecticus and cerebral palsy,
surgical reduction of condylar fracture use lag screw
Antineoplastic combined medicament with enhancing and poison-reducing character
in certain embodiment, a process for define that physiological role of genetically encoded biological sequences ( including, but not limit to, proteins, polypeptides, amino acid sequences, polynucleotide and nucleotide sequences ) within the context of mammalian biology is provided.
Methods In 2011,the first aid and nursing intervention of the 20 successfully rescued cases with asphyxia caused by oral and maxillofacial trauma in our hospital were analyzed.
Results In 2003,178 acute flaccid paralysis (AFP) cases were reported by surveillance system, 165 AFP cases were confirmed as non-polio AFP, the reported incidence of non-polio AFP cases under 15 years old was 1.89/100 000, all the other surveillance indicators were matched requirements of WHO
investigation on that technique of MRI of temporomandibular joint
Using spinach leaves as row material, chlorophyll was extracted with 95%ethyl alcohol and sodium copper chlorophyllin was made by chemistry.
CONCLUSION The treatment of taxol combined with cisplatin on advanced ovarian cancer in elder patients was effective and safe with less adverse reactions,which can be tolerant by patients.
Have you been inoculated against hepatitis
45. family planning empowers women to make autonomous and informed choices about their sexual and reproductive health.
include congestive heart failure, hyponatremia, and hypertension
Ultramicrostructure and stereology of mitochondria in serous and mucinous cystadenocarcinoma
Methods 36 patients with coronary artery disease convinced by coronary angiography and 36 volunteer underwent transthoracic echocardiographic examination.
An Analysis of Surgical Treatment in 103 Cases of Old Women with Gynecological Malignant Tumors
The culture method comprises the following steps: (1) material preparation; (2) proportioning: mixing the eucalyptus wood dust, mulberry wood dust, cottonseed hull, ganoderma lucidum slag, bran, corn flour and calcium carbonate, adding water which is 1.3-1.7 times by mass of the culture medium, and uniformly mixing; (3) fermentation: piling the mixed culture medium, and fermenting at normal temperature for 8-12 hours to obtain the culture medium; (4) bagging; (5) culturing for 30-35 days to grow the ganoderma lucidum; and (6) after 55-60 days, carrying out mushroom emergence management to obtain the mature ganoderma lucidum sporophore.
Result The positive rates of HLA-B27 antigen were separately 90.2%(296/328) in patients with AS,12.5%(139/1113) in patients with waist-back-leg ache and 7.5%(3/40) in healthy individuals.
in the third mode , particulate precipitated aragonite is used for seeding ,
20 . an unexpanded population of cells enriched for mesenchymal precursor cells ( MPCs ) , capable of forming a clonogenic colony and differentiating to three or more mesenchymal tissue types , said MPCs co-expressing the surface markers MUC 18 / CD 146 and alpha-smooth muscle actin .
Methods: All 90 cases were randomized into the treatment group and the control group.Both groups received routine treatment to lower blood pressure, anti-coagulation, decreasing blood lipid and others, the treatment group took XueFu ZhuYu Tang, each day one dose, water decocted.
In a more specific embodiment, the location or tissue is for example, but not limited to, epidermis, vascular tissue, meristem, cambium, cortex or pith.
Analysis of the Promoter of smrA Cluster in Sinorhizobium Fredii HN01
The completion of the reaction was confirmed by TLC analysis after cleavage of the product from the resin by the action of PPTS (ca. 3 equivalents) and MeOH (which also revealed the presence of 5-10% of a less polar by-product presumed to be derived from impurities in reagent 260).
The expression of this three proteins is a significant prognostic indicator for PDAC
The results showed that 451 bp PCR products digested with HinfI demonstrated polymorphisms in population, which was at Hardy-Weinberg equilibrium. Moreover, the frequencies of alleles A/B in Nanyang population were 0.465/0.535. Association of variations of POU1F1 gene with growth traits was analyzed.
R1, R2 and R3, which may be identical or different, are each a branched or unbranched, aliphatic organic radical, a substituted or unsubstituted, aromatic or cycloaliphatic radical, or a halogen atom,
Monomers leading to the hydroxy containing group are vinyl esters such as vinyl propionate.
Growth data in 8 years (at the age 1,2,4,5,6,7,8 and 13) from 30 open pollinated families of loblolly pine were analyzed. The results show that phenotypic correlations of growth traits between the age 2 and age 13, age 4 to 8 and age 13 were significant or extremely significant. Genotypic correlation coefficients between ages for growth traits were all large than the corresponding phenotypic correlation coefficients
still other variant composition claimed herein involve an inorganic fire-retardant, that inorganic fire-retardant have at least a bimodal distribution of particle sizes comprising a first powder of inorganic fire-retardant have first median particle diameter between about 0.1 and about 20 microns and a second powder of inorganic fire- retardant having a second median particle diameter between about 5 and about 100 microns; with the proviso that the second median particle diameter is larger than the first median particle diameter; and wherein the weight ratio of the first powder to the second powder is about 100: 1 to about 1: 20
Introducing a methyl group at the 7-position of steroids may increase the biological activity of the alkylated derivative compared to the corresponding parent compound. Considering the various antiprogestational agents such as RMI 12,936 which possesses this structural, feature, we introduced a 7-methyl group into Anordrin, an effective antifertility agent, to yield 7α- and 7β-methyl-A-nor-5α-androstane-2α, 17α-diethynyl-2β, 17β-diol. The synthesis was accomplished by six steps from testos
Oxidation activity and cooperating action of Ag-M(M=Mn,Co,Ce) composite oxide catalysts
Analysis of 136 cases of adverse drug reactions of intravenous drip of antibacterials
An organic thin film transistor including at least a gate electrode, a source electrode, a drain electrode, an insulator layer and an organic semiconductor layer, at least one of the source electrode and the drain electrode including a conductive polyaniline composition containing (a) a substituted or unsubstituted polyaniline composite which is protonated by an organic protonic acid or its salts represented by M(XCR4(CR52COOR6) COOR7)p and (b) compound having a phenolic hydroxyl group.
The result showed that the phthalate was coordinated to Ce(Ⅲ) ion,the turning point of the coordination mode existed in between pH=6-7,and the compound had the strongest ultraviolet absorption under pH=6,which can be used as additive to degrade macromolecular materials due to its ideal effect of ultraviolet absorption.
externally used pharmaceutics for treating colpitis mycotica
Subcutaneous Transplantation of Ovary Carcinoma with Cell Line HO-8910
The polymer structure was characterized by Fourier transform infrared(FTIR) spectroscopy,~1H nuclear magnetic resonance(~1H NMR) spectroscopy,gel permeation in chromatography(GPC),and differential scanning calorimetry(DSC).
internist, ob / gyn
Response Surface Methodology for Optimization of Hydrolysis Conditions for the Production of Milk-derived Angiotensin-I Converting Enzyme (ACE) Inhibitory Peptides
With the development of liquid submerge fermentation many large fungus has been large-scale cultured.
study of tea polyphenol on that immune responses of poultry
Expression and implication of proliferating cell nuclear antigen and CD44 protein in human laryngeal carcinoma
The maximum yield was 5 542 kg/hm2 in the optimized mode 3-1 which was 110. 8%,72.1%,17.8% higher than control treatment farmers’mode 1(farmers’traditional fertilization) and farmers’mode 2,respectively.
Materials and Methods:Among 75 cases of dermatomyositis accompanied with 24 malignant neoplasm (22 cases) were found.
Objective To analyze features of abdominal diseases in elderly patients and increase their curative rate.
Fe_3O_4/SiO_2 Composite Particles: Preparation and Application in DNA Purification
Behind him he leaves a glistening wake; one would think the deep had white hair.
Basic Study on the Relationship between the Neural Protection of Hippocampus after Hypoxic-ischemia Brain Damage and Reperfusion of the Neonatal Rat with p-CREB, c-Fos, c-Jun and NGF
The pH,P and organic matter contents in different ages and soil types has very significant difference.The available N,total N and available K contents in different ages has very significant difference,and it in soil types has significant difference.The total P content in different ages has very significant difference,and in soil types has significant difference.
As shown in Panel I of FIG. 1A, a nucleic acid synthesis complex comprising a polymerase enzyme 102, a template sequence 104 and a primer sequence 106 complementary to a portion of the template sequence 104, is provided immobilized within a confined illumination volume (indicated by the dashed line 108), e.g., resulting from the evanescent optical field resulting from illumination of a zero mode waveguide 100, or in a total internal reflectance fluorescence microscope system or other optical confinement system, as described above.
Therefore, after the step of obtaining a halide derived from an alcohol, the polymerization reaction can be carried out in the same vessel without moving the obtained material from the reaction vessel for the halogenating reaction
mainly comprises a column (2), an X-ray tube assembly (4), a breast (soft tissue) camera head (11), and a stand (13),
The experimental study for application of porous calcium phosphate artifical lamina
A secondary profile can be used as an indicator of the ability of the molecule to modulate the marker-induced cellular response or biosensor response.
in addition, various component showing immunostimulating effect as bacterial product were identified and developed as adjuvants ( LPS; lipopolysaccharide, muramyl depeptide, cholera toxin B subunit), and in that form of QuilA which is a kind of saponin separate from the plant, and immunostimulating complexes ( ISCOMs), especially preparations of bile salt and phospholipids etc. were developed as adjuvants
Thus,during the acute oral toxicity,the extractive from M. esculenta Buch.Ham. bark did not reveal any toxic effects in ICR mice(data not shown) and have some antioxidative properties in vivo.
Methods 92 subjects with normal glucose tolerance(NGT),78 patients with IGR and 113 patients with NDD were studied.A standard questionnaire was used to collect basic information.All of the study subjects underwent a complete physical examination.At the same time,baseline biochemistry detection and biomarkers of antioxidant status were determined.
2.Through flow cytometry,we found that treatment of AML cells with CI lead to higher express levels of CD83、CDW123、HLA-DR. CD14 was down-regulated.
Since 1988, more than 1.2 million childhood deaths have been prevented through provision of vitamin A during polio SIAs
Objective To observe the femoral cortical hypertrophy and its clinical importance after total hip arthroplasty.
Extracting and determination of polysaccharides in sweet potato leaves and psidium guajava leaves
Yeast Extract HNLV-LS-3111-R2
Results: 4 tumors were located in the head of pancreas,2 in tail,1 in head and neck,2 in body and tail,with the diameter ranging from 4. 3 to 15. 7 cm.
This alters the physiological state of the membrane, even if the alcoholic concentration in the juice is still quite low
Contact with live poultry remains the main means of transmission for the virus
Effect of Erythropoietin on the Expression of TNF-α and Bax after Facial Nerve Axotomy
The purpse of this study is to investigate the relation between plasma homocysteine, the C677T and A1298C polymorphisms of the MTHFR gene, and atherosclerotic cerebral infarction in a case-control study
Prevalence of MS was elevated with the increasing SUA level.② SUA level increased significantly with the increaseing number of MS components for both gender.
MEGASORBTM suture initially elicits a minimal initial inflammatory reaction in tissues followed by gradual encapsulation of sutures by fibrous connective tissue.
study on amino acid composition of bag cucumber in greenhouse
Objective To investigate the level of interleukin 6 (IL 6) and soluble IL 6 receptor (sIL 6R) in serum of patients with systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) and its correlation with disease activity and to explore IL 6 signal transduction pathways in SLE patients
EFFECT OF N~G-NITRO-L-ARGININE ON MITOCHONDRIA INJURY IN FOCAL CEREBRAL ISCHEMIA RATS
the invention relates to a continuous format high throughput screening ( CF-HTS ) using at least one porous matrix allows the pharmaceutical industry to simultaneously screen large numbers of chemical entities for a wide range of biological or biochemical activity.
Conclusion For the detection of non-calcified pulmonary nodules,chest DTS is better than CDR,especially for non-calcified nodules less than 10 mm.
RESULTS:The postoperative averagefoveal thickness datas of the two groups,com paring with corresponding preoperative datas,were significantly augm ented at 1,4 and 12wk( P < 0. 05); the difference of foveal thickness was obviously augm ented at 1wk postoperatively( P 0. 05).
symptom, gastric function, and psychosocial factors in functional dyspepsia
Interaction between nutrient concentration and ascorbic acid are significant (P < 0.05).
Reparative or proliferative phase begins 1 to 2 weeks after initial lung injury.
Results Compared with control group, anoxia/reoxygenation caused great increases of levels of LDH, CK, apoptosis and MDA, and decreases of ATP and cell viability (P <0.01 or 0.05
The patients consisted of 6 males and 2 females at 8-32 years of age
Stenotrophomonas maltophilia Nosocomial Infections: the Clinical and Risk Factor Analysis of 70 Cases
At salt concentration greater than 6 4 g·L -1, plant height, fresh and dry weights of both species decreased with increasing salinity. This effect was pronounced on tall fescue than on Italian ryegrass
Objective: To evaluate the prophylactic use of antibiotics in pediatric patients during perioperative period in Xi’an Children’s Hospital.
Binocular vision of postoperation in patients with acquired comitant esotropia
Conclusion The incidence of coronary heart disease is not as high as imagined in the elderly patients with unknown arrhythmia
Methods Human umbilical vein endothelial cells were randomly divided into four groups: treated with or without oxidized low density lipoprotein(ox-LDL),treated with IL-10 plus or minus ox-LDL for 24 h.
The changes of cAMP in leucocytes were estimated with RIA- It was found that the intracellular cAMP level could be markedly increased by fenbufen (Pketoprofen (P<0.05
Most of the isolate were resistant to the four first-line anti-tuberculosis drugs.RDBHA can be used for fast detection of drug resistance.
examples of polymers having thermally curable groups include hydroxyl or carboxylic acid-containing acrylic copolymers, hydroxyl or carboxylic acid-containing polyester polymers, isocyanate or hydroxyl containing polyurethane polymers, and amine or isocyanate containing polyureas.
We comparised the enzymatic properties of XYNBa expressed in P. pastoris, XYNBb deglycasylated from XYNBa and XYNB produced from Streptomyces olivaceoviridis Al :There was little difference among the three enzymes on optimal pH,the optimal pH of XYNB and XYNBa were both 5.2,the optimal pH of XYNBb was 5.0;
Methods On the basis of the improved Gomori method,using 2 amino 2 methyl 1 propanol(AMP) as buffer and phospho acceptor to increase the velocity of transphosphorglation reaction Catalyzed by alkaline phosphatase.
Fusion Expression of Sorbose Dehydrogenase and N-Carbamoylase
in that case where acetic acid is distil and purified while reflux the upper layer, accumulation of hydrogen iodide proceeds, andthereby,
Psychic material,ego and society are called three-dimensional space of the subjective world.
Relationship between level of oxidized low-density lipoprotein and markers of hemorheology in cerebral infarction
Methods:The experience and understanding obtained from the designing and planning of the new Building of Radiology and Surgery in authors’ hospital were summarized.In order to meet the requirements of aseptic surgical practices and a full-featured hybrid operating room,the following factors should be carefully and synthetically taken into account:the room size,the functional sub-areas,the operational procedures,the aseptic specification,etc.
We concluded that normal huntingtin works as a lifesaving protein for neurons
this promoter region 38 is comprised of the cab2 or other circadian clock promoter that turns off in the nighttime.
RESEARCH ON PATHOGENETIC MECHANISM AND EXPERIMENTAL THERAPY OF SHOCK--EFFECT OF INTESTINAL ISCHEMIA ON THE PATHOGENESIS OF SHOCK
introduce that villous goats from Liaoning and zang goat mated
Study on Hematuria Adverse Drug Reaction Induced by Cefradine for Injection
The results showed that the appropriate conditions should be:weight of catalyst : 0.8g (for weight of Cinnamic acid:0.1mol), molar ratio of n- propyl to cinnamic acid:3.0:1, reaction time: 3.0 h, the taking water reagent(toluene): 15mL. The yield of butyl butyrate was about 97.2% .
Obtaining method and use of novel oncolytic adenovirus construct with selective tumor blockage STAT3
Methods The expressive levels of perihemo-lymphcyte membrance glycoprotein (P170) in patients with West syndrome(n=12), partial seizures (n=9), generalized seizures (n=8), and 8 healthy children were detected by flow cytometry
She settled on Stage 4 metastatic breast cancer.
it was appear that feature of synapse was in complicated three-dimensional structure. the contact surface of perforated synapses showed a definite curvature, and cur surfaces projected to pre-synaptic area. the curvature of postnatal 20 d group was larger than that of postnatal 30 d group.
IR laser-assisted SiO_2 thin films were grown on the clean surface of Si(100)at a low substrate temperature(from room temperature to about 200℃),using 10.6 μm CW CO_2 laser by self-established laser surface reaction device,The influence of different experimental conditions,such as reaction gas percentage,substrate temperature,incident laser intensity,and laser exposure time etc.on SiO_2 thin films was investigated.The reaction dynamics of oxidation of IR laser-as...
Embryo sac abortion
A method for making a number (N) of samples react under the same reaction conditions, wherein the samples have a solution where the phase state of a reaction solvent changes in a reversible manner between a two-phase solution state and a uniform solution state when the temperature fluctuates over or under a certain constant temperature, and the processes are carried out sequentially in the following steps: (A) the constant container heating step of heating a number of reaction containers simultaneously and maintaining the reaction containers at a predetermined temperature;
Observation of ocular pulse amplitude variations after the laser peripheraliridectomy in acute angle-closure glaucoma
The needle forceps releases the needle and the tissue forceps pulls the needle the rest of the way through the tissue.
in a patient monitor system 8, an authorized medical person or clinician 10 takes spot measurement, such as temperature, blood pressure and that like, from one or more patients 12 using a measurement unit or medical device 14 which includes a medical probe.
study of personality Chanacteristic and mental health status of excellent medial graduate.
Methylene blue staining conbined with nuclide using in the sentinel lymph node biopsy for patients with breast cancer
Effect of Applying Organic Fertilizer with Chemical Fertilizer on Flue-cured Tobacco Leaf Quality and Soil Fertility
Adenomyosis occurs when endometrial glands and stroma are found in the myometrium, not just in the endometrium where they belong. This condition leads to uterine enlargement and irregular bleeding
Keywords Leflunomide Adrenal cortex hormones Pemphigus/drug therapy;
Integrative Treatment of Chronic Hepatitis Liver Fibrosis in Clinical Observation
Results The neonatal patients with VAP were obviously related to body weight,duration of mechanical ventilation,frequencies of sputum suction and primary lung disease (P<0.05 or P<0.01).
Conclusions Percutaneous intracystic steroid injection using two needles for solitary bone cysts in children is simple, safe and effective.
Synthesis of indolin spiropyran and research of photochromism
Effects of deep hypothermia on MAC,cardiac anesthetic index and myocardial stability of valotile anesthetics
Variation of hemodynamics and blood biochemistry during orthotopic liver transplantation in pigs
in addition, that product is suitable for eate by the elderly and mental workers, and has effect of enhancing intelligence, strengthening brain, delaying age and improving memory
Objective To research the expression of EG-VEGF in polycystic ovaries and compare with VEGF,in order to explore the role of EG-VEGF in development and progression of PCOS.
the resistance which has been confer imparts, to that mutant according to the invention, a resistance to norflurazon which is up to 70-fold higher in comparison with the wild type
Assessment on Effects and Safety of Implanted Bare Metal Stents in Coronary Heart Disease Patients with Diabetic Mellitus
most preferably the cross-linkable acrylate rubber is a copolymer of ethylene and one or more alkyl esters of acrylic acid, methacrylic acid or mixtures wherein the relative mount of ethylene copolymerized with the acrylic acid esters is less than 60 weight percent and the alkyl acrylate represents greater than 40 weight percent of the copolymer.
Molecular Identification and Pathogenicity Research of Bipolaris oryzae on Leersia hexandra
RELATIONSHIPS OF CHANGES OF SOD ACTIVITIES AND VITAMINE C CONTENTS WITH FOLIAR ANTI-PREMATURE DECREPITUDE OF HYBRID RICE
HCV gene typing detecting reagent kit
Conclusion The speech training can significantly promote the functional recovery of dysarthria with language for HLD patients and improve the quality of life and the clinical efficacy.
Results The average clinical detection rate was 1.03%.
When a titanium catalyst comprising a solid titanium catalyst component and an organoaluminum compound is used as the catalyst, the solid titanium catalyst component is used in an amount of usually about 0.001 to 1.0 mmol, preferably about 0.005 to 0.5 mmol, in terms of titanium atom per liter of the polymerization volume.
Traditional Chinese medicine composition for treating mastitis and preparation method thereof
Individuals who may be treated by the methods of the invention include those who exhibit symptomology of kidney stones, have confirmed diagnosis of kidney stones, or are suspected by virtue of alternative symptoms of this condition.
In some embodiments, cells other species can be encapsulated in droplets and exposed to one or more agents (e.g., a sugar, an indicator dye, etc.).
The mechanism may be related to the decrease of TC, TG, LDL~c and MDA, and the increase of HDL-c and SOD.
The method is simple and practical, and the prepared tissue filling material is a pore-free ceramic material, has small particle sizes and is helpful for the interaction with biological tissues.
The result indicates that the inhibition of G418 is most obvious, and the effective inhibition concentration of G118 on soybean suspension, cells and immatural embryo regeneration shoot growing are 3μg/ml and 25μg/mlrespectively
These analogs have amino acids altered as shown in FIG. 5 which provide additional glycosylation sites.
In past two years, the establishment and application of a modified technic for normo-thermic avascular hepatic resection for the central hepatic tumours in this unit were reported. Based on an experimental study for canine normothermic total hepatic vascular exclusion on the condition of the portal decompression by means of jugulo-splenic shunting, a new concept that the critical length of the hepatic ischemic period with NTHVE should be 45 minutes was proposed and the conventional technic of Heaney's avasc
We used nylon suture method to establish an acute reperfusible focal cerebral ischemia animal model. Eighty male Wistar rats were randomly divided in to 5 reperfusion groups and 5 non-reperfusion groups.
The protective effect of dauricine on cerebral ischemia in mice
In another study, two groups of nude mice were applied with 1 mM reference control or 1 mM silver nanoparticles in 1 mM HSA in the same manner as above at the posterior scalp.
The resultant mixture was heated to reflux for 45 minutes and subjected to column chromatography on silica gel to give compounds 10a (580 mg, 24%) and 10b (85-3.5
Effect of Astragalus Injection on Left Ventricular Remodeling and Apoptotic Gene Caspase-3 in Rats After Myocardial Infarction
the additive comprise a mixture of a water soluble polymer and an organic compound, that wat soluble polymer being comprised of N-vinyl lactam monomers, or vinyl-containing sulfonate monomer, or both.
Objective To investigate the clinic value of cinobufacini injection combined with TP in the treatment of patients with advanced no-small-cell lung cancer(NSCLC).
The average expense increased slightly,and the infection rate in operation sites was the same(P>0.05).The nosocomial infection rate for operation of type I incision met the demand of no more than 1. 5% which is issued by Ministry of Health.
FIG. 16A shows CDU across slit for 65 nm dense lines before and after REC based on both reticle SEM and SERUM.
Effect of Comprehensive Treatment on the Prognosis of Patients with Primary Non-small Cell Lung Cancer with Solitary Metastasis
influence of some factor on pathogenicity of strain QZ-2000 to Digitaria sanguinalis
It was found that the E2 levels in both the follicular and luteal phase of the patients are significantly lower than that in controls(Phormone levels are no difference from that in control (P>0.05
in that present case, modify release may be provided for by way of an appropriate pharmaceutically-acceptable carry, and/or other means
The study was to investigate the role of homocysteine(Hcy) which was released by hippocampal glial cells and its relationship with NMDA receptor and AMPA receptor in depression induced by chronic unpredictable mild stress(CUMS),and explore the mechanism of changes of Glu/Glu receptor in glial cells and neurons.
We have used UV laser 300nm photodissociation of Cr ( CO) 6 in C6H12 and visible laser 532nm photodissociation of Cr ( CO) 5
in an advantageous embodiment, that peptide has, at each of its end, a fluorogenic donor molecule and fluoro-genic acceptor molecule, respectively, and the method consists in:
activating the Saccharomyces cerevisiae strain in a liquid seed culture medium;
According to the results of growth performance, nitrogen balance and serum UA content during 70 days' feeding experiment, optimum methionine (true digestible methionine) requirement of fattening egg-type cockerels with corn-soybean meal type ration were 0.45% (0.44%) during former period and 0.36% (0.33%) during latter period.
The neuropharmacokinetic profile was determined after the rats were acutely given 200mg·kg-1 valprote by Fluorescence Polarization Immunoassay.
in that most prefer embodiment, the monomers comprise mono-alkyl terminate polydimethylsiloxanes (" mPDMS" ) such as monomethacryloxy propyl terminated polydimethyl siloxane and a macromer comprising the reaction product of 2-hydroxyethyl methacrylate, methyl methacrylate, methacryloxypropyltris ( trimethylsiloxy ) silane, mono-methacryloxypropyl terminate mono-butyl terminated polydimethylsiloxane, and 3-isopropenyl-. alpha.,. alpha. -dimethylbenzyl isocyanate.
Results The filtration efficiency rates for white blood cell, red blood cell and platelet were 0 91± 0 05P0 05) and 0 88±0 06 (P<0 05) respectively.
Of these, 28 genes were more highly expressed in black breast cancer patients, including SOS1, TSPO, and PSPH;
A scavenger molecule having a sulfhydryl group and an amine group reacts with the excess reagent and the excess scavenger and scavenger-reagent complex are removed on an immobilized organomercurial column.
No other flavonoid compounds examined exhibit\~ higher proliferative activities than the procyanidins.
Cloning and Sequence Analysis of N-methyltransferase in Camellia ptilophylla Chang
Level of cholecystokinin octapeptide and mechanism of increasing acupuncture analgesia effect
Effect of rosiglitazone on sVCAM-1 in type 2 diabetic patients
Well, they triage, of course, when there's lots of people there. Most serious things first
isolate biological synthesis of elliptone
Upstream stimulatory factor-2 regulates steroidogenic factor-1 expression in endometriosis.
We identified putative GCT-specific mutations that were present in at least three of these samples but were absent from the transcriptomes of 11 epithelial ovarian tumors, published human genomes, and databases of single-nucleotide polymorphisms.
the protease use in that invention is, for example, a proteinase and/or a peptidase
The Clinical Investigation of Early Visual Function in Cataract Patients after Implantation with Aspheric Intraocular Lens
the present invention relate to a multi-component magnetized biological composite fertilize and its production method. it is made up by usin flue dust and fermented and inoculated city house refuse as base material and adding a prop quantity of phosphatic fertilizer, cupric sulfate, manganous sulfate, zinc sulfate and borax. besides
if integration of that vector into the yeast genome is desire, the vector can comprise sequences homologous to sequence found in the yeast genome, and can also comprise coding regions that can facilitate integration
Results: The morbidity of BNC after TURP was significantly higher than that of open operations. Small size of the prostate, longer time of operation, higher power in resection and prostatitis were factors of BNC.
The constituents of marine fungus 97F49
other embodiments of the invention include the use of other substituted alkylmetal reagents and methyllithiums, such as neopentyllithium, for functionalizing pyridines and nitrogen heterocycles.
Each implant assembly 19 can thus include the primary implant 20 and the auxiliary expandable implant 110 that are configured to be inserted into a target bone, such as a vertebral body portion 21 of a vertebra 17.
\ Results\ The ultraviolet irradiation therapy could increase the concentration of SH in the plasma( F =8.63, P <0.05) and shrink the area of cerebral ischemia penumbra of rabbits significantly( F =8.53, P <0.05).
There is no significant difference between pulmonary ventilation indexes before removal of the catheter (P>0.05) and during the operation (P>0.05).
Hip joint Mini-invation surgery
spray that surface of the 2nd true leafof cucumber plant with 75 mmol/L K2HPO4 enhanced the activity of chitinase, 1, 3glucanase and peroxidase effectively, and induced the activities of chitinase and 1, 3glucanase to increase in leaf 3, 4 and 5. thus these leaves could resist anthracnose cause by Colletotrichum lagenarium.
The purpose of the study is to explore the effect of positional asphyxia on cardiac and pulmonary functions and its role in causing death respiration, pulmonary artery pressure and cardiac output were measured by inserting the swan-ganz into the pulmonary artery from the femoral vein Results showed that: (1) the respiration was stable before hanging, getting faster during hanging, and becoming irregular at the terminal stage of hanging
The relative excess risk due to interaction (RERI) of lung cancer was 3.12. Previous lung disease was significantly associated with an increase in lung cancer risk.
4. Induction of de-differentiation De-differentiation was induced under the same culture condition used for neural stem cells .
4. Reaction of [Pr2iNC(NCy)2]2TiCl2 with lithium diisopropylamide in THF afforded the unexpected [Pr2'NC(NCy)2]Ti(OBun)2 (8), which was formed by the cleavage of the carbon-oxygen bond of THF.
MRI evaluation of cervical degenerative changes following surgery
Taxonomic Identification of a Biocontrol Agent Streptomyces sp. Men-myco-93-63 Against Verticillium Dahliae and Characterization of Its Chitinase Genes
The activity of product was measured by the cleavage of insoluble collagen and the hydrolysis of FALGPA.
And the myc-sequence was added to the end of the gntl and the chimeric DNA fragment was cloned into the expression vector of pAO815, resulting in pAO815-mnn9-gntl-myc (pAgm for short).Later, Pichia pastoris GS115 was transformed with plasmid pAgm
the adduct are characterized by a differential scan calorimetry ( dsc ) profile in which no peaks are present at temperatures below 90 c or, even if peaks are present below said temperature, that fusion enthalpy associate with said peaks is less than 30 % of the total fusion enthalpy.
Additionally,storage substance transporting rate was positively correlated with the drought tolerance of seed germination.The PEG-6000 of 13% was considered as the appropriate concentration to test orchardgrass drought tolerance at seed germination stage.
Lactobacillus flora quantitative range (logcop/whole) 0.00-11.09, the result compare with control duck's, the difference is not evident.
Likewise, the kinetic data in rats and hamsters provide no evidence for a bioaccumulation in these species, whilst in mice retention of triclosan (and/or metabolites) appears to occur in liver.
Methods A431 cells were transfected with TCF4 siRNA liposome.
measurement of cholesterol extracted from lyophilized skin biopsy samples correlates with serum lipid quotient in normals and in patients with ischemic cardiac disease ( yp
The blood added to the sample well 13 is then aspirated using the dispensing pipette (S2).
Results Of total 29 patients,the treatment of ultra-early microsurgery with microsurgery with mini-craniotomy was taken in 14 cases,the treatment of microsurgery with decompressive craniectomy and paraventriculostomy was taken in 8 cases,the emergency treatment of drilling skull,draingage and paraventriculostomy was taken in 4 cases,the treatment of paraventriculostomy alone was taken in 3 cases.
Methods The levels of CD4 were detected by flow cytometry in 80 patients with HIV antibody-positive.The patients were divided into two groups: AIDS group (n= 50) and HIV infection group (n= 30).
solar energy cow uterine breast ozone wat healing and was device
The prevalences of Barrett’s esophagus(BE) and esophageal adenocarcinoma(EAC) are high in Western countries.
Conclusion The clinical efficacy of moxifloxacin in treatment of community acquired pneumonia is obviously better than that of levofloxacin,and it is worthy to be recommended for clinical application.
Management of arterial crisis after finger replantation
EFFUSION IN THE UTERINE CAVITY AFTER RADIOTHERAPY FOR THE CERVIX CARCINOMA
Method:83 SSD patients were assigned to either group A(n=45) receiving sertraline or group B (n=38) receiving sertraline with GABA therapy for 12 month.
2 to 10 weight percent of a hydrogenated block copolymer of an alkenyl aromatic monomer and a conjugated diene;
This testing patch was applied on the shaved back of mail hairless rats (n=4, a mean body weight of 165 g) of 8 weeks old.
The results showed that the content of the four genes mRNA increased using vitrification,especially that in oocytes at stage GV was the highest(P<0.01).
it is assume that that acid activated gel furthermore absorb and detains fats thereby causing these to pas through humans undigested.
Effects of dietary different ratios of high n-3/n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids on insulin resistance in rats
Preparation and Characterization of Blue-Emitting （SrCaBa）3（PO4）2·SrCl2: Eu2+ Phosphors
Preclinical immunogenicity and efficacy of DNA vaccines in disease models have been demonstrated for a number of infectious diseases including cancer, allergy and autoimmune diseases (for review, see Gurunathan, S.et al., Ann.Rev.Immunol.2000; 18:927-974).
The Application Value of Dynamic Contrast- enhanced MRI im Judging the Myometrial Invasion of Endometrial Carcinoma
in some embodiment of that invention, the oxidoreductase is selected from the group consist of glucose oxidase, hydrogen peroxidase, horseradish peroxidase, xanthine oxidase, cholesterol oxidase, hydrogen hydrogenase, lactate dehydrogenase, glucose dehydrogenase and NADH dehydrogenase, sarcosine oxidase, lactate oxidase, alcohol dehydrogenase, hydroxybutyrate dehydrogenase, glycerol dehydrogenase, sorbitol dehydrogenase, malate dehydrogenase, galactose dehydrogenase, malate oxidase, galactose oxidase, xanthine dehydrogenase, alcohol oxidase, choline oxidase, xanthine oxidase, choline dehydrohenase, pyruvate dehydrogenase, pyruvate oxidase, oxalate oxidase, bilirubin oxidase, glutamate dehydrogenase, glutamate oxidase, amine oxidase, NADPH oxidase, urate oxidase, cytochrome C oxidase, actechol oxidase and mixtures thereof.
Study on the Correlation between Mitochondrial Function and Sperm Motility
R2 is a substituted or unsubstituted univalent hydrocarbon group, and b is 1, 2 or 3 in Z of the compound (9) and b is 2 or 3 in Z of the compound (10).
The capacity of holding water and the emulsification stability of soybean 7S globulin could be greatly advanced by appending acid anhydride (15%v/w), the absorbency of oil could be evidently advanced by the accession of STP(l%w/w
Vaccination of Mice with DNA Vaccine Induces the Immune Response and Partial Protection against T. spiralis Infection
The mean OD value of serum anti-dsDNA antibody was lower in the ATO group(0.392 ± 0.087) than that in the control group(0.566±0.080, P< 0.001
Conclusion Lidocaine, propofol could attenuate myocardial ischemia-reperfusion injury by increasing the activities of sarcolemmal Na+-K+-ATPase and SR Ca2+-ATPase during reperfusion
The genes were transferred into Destination vectors (pBVBoostFG) to be able to produce the proteins.
After some initial growth, the resulting embryos are placed into the mother's womb
40 ASAⅠ~Ⅱ patients received middle and low abdominal surgery with epidural anesthesia were randomly divided into two groups. Group Ⅰ(n=20): combined analgesic solution 100ml+0.1% adrenaline 0.5ml.
Abscisic Acid Regulation of inward K~+ Current in the Plasma Membrane of Guard Cells in Arabidopsis Wild-type and los5-1 mutant
Said compounds are useful as Histamine H3 receptor antagonists
The invention also relates to the application of the expression system in cells used to package viral vectors and provides methods of preparing the necessary nucleic acid constructs as well as their use in the control of recombinant viral gene expression.
Study of Relationship of Red Cell Distribution Width and Chronic Heart Failure
in patient group ( 59 patients with allergic rhinitis 62 patient with chronic rhinositis ), mucociliary transport rat ( MTR ) was measured by saccharin technique respectively.
Objective To investigate the efficacy of Risperidone combined with Depakine for schizophrenia accompanied by psychomotor excitement symptoms
Results: Yiqi Huoxue Tongbi compound recipe could obviously decrease FFA level in heart tissue,The mediate powder group and micropowder group is better.
The transformants were cultured in fermentation media,afterwards intracellular GSH content was detected by the method of ALLOXAN.
The extraction for 32. 6 min with 120 s ultrasonic assistance at a extraction temperature of 51. 4 ℃ resulted in a maximum Pu’er tea carotenoids yield
Methods: Selected 80 cases with diabetic from 40 to 80 years old and 80 health cases as control group,measuring their calcaneum bone density,body mass index,postprandial and after meal 2 h plasma glucose levels in order to have correlation analysis.
The lung samples with pneumoniae were collected from Tibetan sheep.Bacterial isolation and identification were performed by culture and PCR methods.Antibiotic sensitivity of the isolates was determined,so as to provide useful information for treatment of the disease.
the invention is also concerned with pharmaceutical formulations comprising these compounds as active ingredients and the use of the compounds and their formulations in the treatment of certain disorders,
The depletion of dopamine always leads to relative increase in acetylcholine level.
determining a second volume flow in a second vessel segment of the coronary artery;
After a median follow-up of 6.1 years (95% CI 5.4-6.4), time to treatment failure was significantly longer in the cytarabine group (median 9.1 years [95% CI 6.3-not reached], 5 year rate 65% [95% CI 57-71]) than in the control group (3.9 years [3.2-4.4], 40% [33-46]; hazard ratio 0.56; p=0.038).
Progress in Intravascular Ultrasound in Diagnosis and Therapy of Moderate Coronary Artery Stenosis
Analysis of Bacterial Communities in Aerobic Solid-Fermentation Culture of Zhenjiang Hengshun Vinegar
Effect of Quercetin and 17-AAG on Radiosensitivity of HeLa Cells
The results of correlative analysis on health beliefs and treatment compliance revealed that health beliefs of the patients with CH-B had a remarkable influence on their treatment compliance(P<0.05,P<0.01).
Study of Shortening Onset Time of Vencuronium Treacheal Intubation
Neoplastic cells which over-express CD44, including especially non-small cell lung cancer and melanoma cancer cells, are treated with antisense oligonucleotides to control CD44 expression.
Study Progress of Statins in Its Anti-tumor Effect
cases of large intestinal polyp treated by microwave
Application of the low-dose contrast in 256-slice CTA for the head and neck
in addition, that present invention provide a method of producing bead, including the steps of: dissolving the polymer compound derivative obtain by modifying part of the hydroxy or amino groups of a polymer compound having the hydroxy or amino groups with molecules of a compound represented by the above-mentioned general formula ( I) in an organic solvent to prepare a polymer compound derivative solution
They involved DNA bases between 23 and 40 of Ucdcg153,73~100 of Ucdcg157,33~55 and 130~147 of Ucdcg202.
The instant invention provides further compounds for preventing or treating various types of brain injury.
in polymer technology it is usual to incorporate antioxidant in that formulation, to protect the polymer both during its production which usually involve quite high temperatures ( say 250 -300 C ) and also during its subsequent use where light is the usual activator of free radicals.
Objective To investigate the obstetric management opportunity and methods on meconium- stained amniotic fluid.Methods 220 pregnant women with meconium- stained amniotic fluid were divided into two groups, Meconium -stained amniotic fluid at rupture of membrane as group I , and clear amniotic fluid gradually becoming meconium - stained during labor as group Ⅱ , and were compared with 210 cases of normal amniotic fluid as control group. Results The incidence of meconium- stained amniotic fluid was 17.5% in 1 ...
If the microbes are found to grow in the control sample, all the test results are dubious. Check and eliminate the possible and potential contamination and rearrange the test.
Treatment with a related monoclonal antibody, Zevalin(R), has also been approved (see, e.g., Witzig T E, et al., "Randomized controlled trial of yttrium-90-labeled ibritumomab tiuxetan radioimmunotherapy versus rituximab immunotherapy for patients with relapsed or refractory low-grade, follicular, or transformed B-cell non-Hodgkin's lymphoma," J Clin Oncol. (2002) May 15;20(10):2453-63).
Typically the amount of coupling solvent used will be about 0.5 weight percent to about 10 weight percent of the total weight of the coating bath solution, more typically about 1.0 weight percent to about 5 weight percent, and most preferably about 1.0 weight percent to about 2.0 weight percent.
in general, animal of Rodentia, Lagomorpha, or primates are use
The serum amylase and lipases of rats which given L-Arginine were significantly increased, and histological examination revealed that pancreas degeneration and necrosis
the present invention also relate to methods of treatment of skin lesion utilizing these compositions
Maternal complications with vaginal birth after cesarean delivery: A multicenter study
In the context of the present invention, it was found that the trans-diaminediiodo substituted intermediate 3a of the reaction described under item 2.1 can be obtained in a quantitative manner by halting the reaction after a short reaction time-
that may pas through that subcutaneous tissue and hold the graft in position, to prevent rolling of the subrectal mesh
unidentified hepatitis
Survey on the Cognitive Status of Knowledge on the Children’s Nutrition among Mothers
with the exception of the sudan and djibouti, prevalence rates are 1 per 1000 adults or lower.
We also have a variety of methods for producing anxiety in patients with GAD
it has now been found that a composition of matt, comprising 100 weight part ( wp ) of calcium carbonate mixed with about 20 wp of organic matter consisting of chitin and a less amount of polypeptide, when orally administered to patients suffering from proliferative or neurodegenerative diseases, has a surprisingly positive effect on that course of the disease.
BACKGROUND:The QT couple dissociation(QTcd) of ECG in patients with chronically coronary ischemia is much longer than that in healthy aged people. Some Chinese medical preparation can correct the prolongation.
a strongly alkaline crystalline compound,NHC(NH2)2,formed by the oxidation of guanine and found in the urine as a normal product of protein metabolism. It is commonly used in the organic synthesis of plastics,resins,and explosives
The Immediate Effect on the Stroke Patient’s Brain Electrical Activity Mapping(BEAM) Through Electroacupuncture or Exercise Therapy
Cerebral palsy(CP) is one of the most common diseases of the nervous system leading to developmental disability.
Objective:To choose the effective method of treatment for neck type of cervical spondylosis.
Results:The BNP levels in CHD groups after 24 h of cardiac surgery were significantly higher than in control group.The BNP level was correlated with CI,mechanical ventilation time,and the dose of catecholamines.
However, salt and low temperature treatments decreased NADH oxidation rates to 45. 9% and 66. 7% respectively of those of controls
The invention relates to modified trout protamine which inhibits the improvement of the activity of Gram-positive bacteria, has the capacity of inhibiting Gram-negative bacteria and can further reduce the settlement of casein under acid condition.
The enzyme has a molecular weight of approximately 73,000 kDa and is composed of two subunits of equal size
Objective To explore the clinical features of combined thoraco-abdominal injury,in order to improve diagnosis and treatment exprence.
Obesity/ overweight state
Similar to the results described above for the indirect ELISA assay on purified hamster brain PrPSc, the detection of PrP in the capture ELISA assay was also dependent on epitope availability and determined by the initial treatment of brain lysate
Objective:To observe the hemorheologic changes of patients with acute high altitude pulmonary edema before and after treated with low concentration of NO inhalation,drugs and compression chamber of oxygen.
THE DETERMINATION OF TRUE AVAILABILITIES OF AMINO ACIDS IN THREE KINDS OF FEEDSTUFFS WITH CAECECTOMIZED DUCKS
The mid-diastolic murmur in patients with sizable left-to-right intracardiac shunts represents increased filling of the ventricles during diastole (right ventricular in atrial septal defect and left ventricular in ventricular septal defect) and is frequently audible when the pulmonary flow is at least twice that of the systemic or greater.
Association between HLA-B_(27) antigen and acute anterior uveitis
The changes in substance P (SP) in the dorsal root ganglia (DRG) and sciatic nerves of diabetic rats were measured by the technique of immunohistochemistry combined with computerized image analysis system. Also, the effect of nerve growth factor(NGF) on SP was observed in this study. The results showed that after inducing the diabetes for three month, the mean gray level (MGL) of the positive reaction of SP in the DRG and sciatic nerve were much lower in the DM group than in the NC group, but they wer
in that invention, amino acid such as tryptophan, methionine, threonine, valine, lysine, histidine, leucine, isoleucine, alanine, phenylalanine, cystine, cysteine, arginine, glycine, glycine, serine, tyrosine, glutamic acid, aspartic acid, proline, hydroxyproline, citrulline and ornithine, organic acidity ( saturate or unsaturated) such as acetic acid, aliphatic acid, unsaturate fatty acid, oleic acid, linoleic acid, citric acid, tartrate, oxalic acid, malic acid, citric acid, ascorbic acid, benzoic acid, salicylic acid, caffeic acid, golden larch bark acid and chlorogenic acid, or organic base such as choline and guanidine, undergo a reaction to generate the amino acid ionic liquid
Methods:Rat models with MsPGN were made according to method of corelated article,observed the proliferation of mesangium cell by light microscope,determined apoptosis of mesangium cell by TUNEL,PCNA,Fas and FasL expression in mesenteric region by immunohistochemical method SABC.
An analytical method for determination of propranolol enantiomer glucuronides in rat liver microsomes was developed by RP-HPLC to study the stereoselective metabolism of PROP
Six calixarene-bonded silica gel stationary phases (CBS4, CBS6, CBS8, DBS4, DBS6 and DBS8) and p-tert-butylphenylether-bonded silica gel stationary phase (PBS) were prepared by γ-glycidoxypropyltrimethoxysilane (KH-560) as coupling agent. These stationary phases were characterized by infared spectroscopy, elemental analysis and thermal analysis
Alleles at both loci need to be the same for an incompatible reaction
No statistically significant difference was found between the heart rates, P durations, PR and QRS intervals at baseline and end-point ECGs(P>0.05), with no significant prolongation of the QT as well as QTc corrected for heart rate using Bazett'formula(P>0.05
Suitable surface modifiers can preferably be selected from known organic and inorganic pharmaceutical excipients.
Objective To prepare a safe and effective meningococcal group A polysaccharide (Ps) conjugate vaccine.
The results are follows: ①The PRA, ATIC and PAC in old rats are lower than those in young rats(each p< 0.01), especially PRA
the average of maternal mortality rates as of 2005 had reduced from 530 to 405 per 100,000 new born babies.
Flavonoids were extracted from Ginkgo leaf circularly by using component solvent of ethanol water.
Human NDK/Nm23-H2was found interacting with FMRP.
Intervening effect of Aspartic acid-diaminovaleric acid on the non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in rabbit
Isolation,Identification and Antimicrobial Spectrum Test of Endophyte S_11 of Alpinia zerumbet cv.variegata
Strain GQ-c had high saccharifying power and its glucoamylase activity could reach up to 1823 U/g at about 60 ℃.Accordingly,it was suitable for the preparation of high-temperature bran starter.Strain GQ-d had low saccharifying power,but its acid-producing capacity played important roles in improving liquor taste and liquor flavor.
in addition, that slow pulse may also be seen in a heat syndrome when internal heat obstruct the circulation of qi and blood.
Loss of Heterozygosity Analysis of Chromosome 9p13-23 in Microdissected Laryngeal Squamous Cell Carcinoma
Clinical and Survival Analysis of Primary Intestinal Diffuse Large B-Cell Non-Hodgkin's Lymphoma
After nature has a bleeding after life , the feeling lower abdomen pendent swells.
Effect of NAC on Caspase-1 after Permanent Focal Cerebral Ischemia in Adult Rats
Sequencing Analysis of the Control Region and Intron1 Region and Characterization of Two Novel Microsatellites in Obese Gene of Pig
immunize experimental animals with that prepare DNA nano granular formulation separately or synergically through intramuscular injection or oral administration,
Assessment of the Drought Resistance and Genetic Stability in Sugarcane Mediated with DREB Gene
hydroxyapatite/tio_ ( 2) composite coating by micro-arc oxidation and electrophoresis deposition and its biological properties
The DNA ssb (singlestrand breaks) and repair in lymphocytes were measured by alkaline elution.
This paper summarized the pretreatment methods of lignocellulosic materials in the paper,such as steam explosion,microwave-assisted.Acid hydrolysis and enzyme hydrolysis of lignocellulosic materials are analyzed.Moreover,the three latest fermentation technologies of produced ethanol by fermenting lignocellulosic materials are summarized,which are simultaneous saccharification and fermentation,immobilized cell fermentation and using high microorganism fermentation.
C) Coated tablets per coated tablet flibanserin hydrochloride 5 mg corn starch 41.5 mg lactose 30 mg polyvinylpyrrolidone 3 mg magnesium stearate 0.5 ma 80 mg The active substance, corn starch, lactose and polyvinylpyrrolidone are thoroughly mixed and moistened with water.
The invention provides 20(S)-camptothecin ramification demonstrated by the figure (1) or its acceptable salt in the medicine. The m in the figure is one integer between 2 and 5; R is OH, OR1 (R1 is the alkyl of C1-5), NH2, NHR1 (R1 is the alkyl of C1-5) or NR1R2 ((R1 and R2 are the alkyl of C1-5 respectively). The invention also provides the preparation method of the ramification and its use in the antineoplastic medicines.
The present invention relates to a flame retardant composition comprising (A) a polymer which includes a copolymer of ethylene and at least one other comonomer including a vinyl unsaturated polybishydrocarbylsiloxane; and (B) an inorganic filler comprising at least one member selected from the group consisting of oxides, hydroxides and carbonates of aluminium, magnesium, calcium and barium.
Gene expression profile changes in NB_4 cells induced by arsenic trioxide
370. Outcome: comprehensive drug abuse prevention concepts integrated into curricula of primary, secondary and alternative schools.
The lipoballs resulted from aggregation of lipid in the cellular membrane adhered to the defect region of endothelium 5 days after injury.
Furthermore, the activity of the protective enzyme SOD increases firstly and decreases afterwards, and the activities of POD and CAT both gradually increase
Results:Plasma NOP of the group IIR was prosoressively delined.
The effects of acetic anhydride content,sodium hydroxide content,ball-milling temperature,ball-milling time,stirring speed and the volume of the stack for ball-milling media on esterification of cassava starch were investigated.The degree of substitution(DS) of starch acetate was used as the evaluating parameter.
Proliferating cell nuclear antigen(PCNA),also known as the cycle of protein or DNA polymerase accessory protein,is necessary for synthesis of nuclear protein for eukaryotic cells and plays an important role in DNA replication.
in some case, cellulose fibers may naturally absorb wat to a certain percentage ( e. g., 3-5% of that fiber weight). in general, cellulose fibers may have any suitable dimensions
Results 40 patients were followed up for 6 months.At the 1st week and 6 months after surgery,the VAS score difference between before and after surgery in patients were compared between two groups by t test.
After stirring for a few minutes, the solid was isolated by filtration and washed with ice water.
Objective:To investigate the expression and significance of S100A4 in esophageal squamous cell carcinoma tissues,and explore the role of S100A4 in the infiltration and metastasis of esophageal carcinoma.
soil sample total DNA extraction method for improve DNA quality
AIM: To explore the effect of oxides of low density lipoprotein (OX-LDL) on apoptosis in vascular endothelial cells(EC) and its possible mechanisms
Comparison on Obesity in Sichoolchildren Between Beijing and HongKong
melanotransferrin is a GPI-anchored surface protein and ,
Raising the implantation dose of nitrogen is helpful to increase the stabilityof SIMNI/SOI structure at high temperatures in H_2 at mosphere.
investigation of that method of double contrast examination of the colon ( an analysis of 266 case )
Results showed that administration of CAJ significantly lowered the fasting serum glucose,glycosylated serum protein,total cholesterol and malondialdehyde levels in diabetic rats,but markedly increased serum insulin level,hepatic glycogen content,activities of superoxide dismutase in serum and liver and activities of hepatic glutathione peroxidase and catalase.
Indication of liver transplantation for hepatocellular carcinoma: Shanghai Fudan Criteria
Meanwhile, the insulin resistance induces abnormal lipid metabolism caused by the insufficient effects of insulin, and free fatty acid (FFA) released from adipocytes increases in liver to accelerate synthesis of triglyceride (TG) therein, resulting in hypertriglyceridemia.
Test results showed that the iodine value and ash content of three kinds of modified bamboo charcoal decreased slightly,while the water content of three kinds of modified bamboo charcoal samples increased sharply,the bamboo charcoal sample modified with 68 % nitric acid has the most remarkable change of these above values.
Primary Teratoma of Stomach
RESULTS The susceptibilities of 21 isolates of candida to Ketoconazole,Ketoconazole microcapsules and fluconazole tablet were 0.02-2.5、6.25-100、0.319-100 μg·ml -1,respectively; The susceptibilities of 1 isolates of T.
Effects of Hypoxia or Exercise on Protein Catabolism and the Gene Expression of Myosin Heavy Chain (MHC) Isoforms in Rat Skeletal Muscle
Effect of Fuzzy Genetic Artificial Neural Networks Agorithm Extracting Microcalcification;
It is found that the crystalline quality,head-face dimension,macro stress,and transmissivity are found to be dependent on the thermal decomposition temperature.
Results Compared with pretreatment, scores of the HAMD in each week during treatment significantly decreased for both groups(P<0.01
Preparation method of traditional Chinese medicine composition for treating immune infertility
synthese of chalcones in that aqueous medium of H_2O-PEG
Treatment of ethyl ester ( I ) with hydrazine in solvent ( e . g . , ethanol ) provides hydrazide ( II ) .
Results There were significant differences in the expression of p-cd not only between scirrhous carcinoma and sclerosing adenosis (P< 0.05), but also between metastasis cases and nonmetastasis cases (P< 0.05
Association of Polymorphisms of MMP9 Gene with Breast Cancer in Han Women Population of Fujian Province
Strategy of lipid-regulating therapy in regression of coronary atherosclerotic plaque
Study of the Properties of CuO-ZnO Catalysts on the Hydrogenolysis of Sorbitol
Bases of appropriate strength to form the anion are known in the art, for example, but not limited to, "C1-10 alkyl lithium bases" such as methyl lithium, ethyl lithium, propyl lithium, n-butyl lithium, sec-butyl lithium, t-butyl lithium, and the like; "C1-10 alkylamide bases" such as lithium diisopropylamide (i.e., LDA), and the like; "metal C1-10 alkyldisilazane bases" such as lithium hexamethyldisilazane, sodium hexamethyldisilazane, potassium hexamethyldisilazane and like bases.
Evaluation of Gd-BOPTA Enhanced MRI in the Diagnosis of Small HCC
Conclusion The result suggests that-909C/G polymorphism of the PON1 gene was not associated with CHD in Chinese population.
study on fermentation technique of Lentinula edodes wine
The objective of this paper is to Study on the therapeutical basis of Rhododendrom micranthum on anti-prostatic hyperplasia action by pharmacology and serum pharmacochemistry methods and to isolate the effective chemical components from the plant;
High Pressure Neurological Syndrome \A syndrome related to increased atmospheric pressure and characterized by tremors, nausea, dizziness, decreased motor and mental performance, and SEIZURES.
The invention adopting a complex extraction method for the mulberry leaf flavonoid, the polysaccharide and the alkaloid obtained through the cogeneration has the advantages of mild condition,
Comparative Study on Activities of Some Enzymes between Head Smut-Resistant and Susceptible Foxtail Millet Varieties
Conclusion Mediated by TGF-β1 throughout the entire course of diabetic nephropathy,the action of PDGF-BB in the early pathopoiesis is obvious in particular,both TGF-β1 and PDGF-BB play a joint action in different stages of DN development,aggravating the progress of the disease.
the present invention has no gene/protein specificity and simple and practical screen process, and will play important role in screen protein segment with independent structure/function and preparing virus antigen and virus vaccine
Methods:An HPLC method with a Diamonsil C18 column(250 mm×4.6 mm,5 μm) was used.
It reached the embryo sac in 5~6 days. A fertilization process was completed about 7 days and the embryo appeared after 16 days.
synthesis of Bis-quaternary ammonium peroxotungstate ( Peroxomolybdates) and their catalytic activity in oxidation of alcohols by aqueous H_2O_2
carbon dioxide is selectively adsorbed and separated from non-acidic gases such as nitrogen, hydrogen and methane using a pressure swing adsorption process in a fixed adsorption bed containing a faujasite type of zeolitic aluminosilicate containing at least 20 equivalent percent of at least one cation species selected from the group consisting of zinc, rare earth, hydrogen and ammonium and containing not more than 80 equivalent percent of alkali metal or alkaline earth metal cations.
b) incubating a potential therapeutic agent with the known cell in the sample medium, wherein the potential therapeutic agent is a microparticle;
3.The rate that the serum ALT activity has reserved to the normal level in two groups were 72.41% and 70.37% in treatment and control group. It was not an obvious difference between two groups(p>0.05).
Development of indirect ELISA with recombinant protein as antigen
Clinical efficacy comparison of the whole areola road and chest-breast endoscopic surgery on bilateral thyroid
in a further embodiment of this aspect that invention therefore provide diagnostic primers capable of bin to a template comprising wild type fungal cytochrome b nucleotide sequence corresponding to the first or the third base in the triplet coding for the amino acid at the position correspond to S. cerevisiae cytochrome b residue 129 in the cytochrome b protein
Application of Electroosmotic Pump on Micro Column Liquid Chromatography
specifically, that reductase include, for example, carbonyl reductases derive from the following microorganisms.
We detected plasma tissue plasminogen activator(t-PA)and plasminogen activator Inhibitor (PAI) activity in 52 patients with acute leukemia (AL) by a chromogenic substrate method.
the HuVH1 heavy chain antibody variable region ( SEQ ID NOS: 54 and 55 ) was excise from that pNG4-VHss-HuVH1-HuIgG2 CH1' plasmid by digestion with EcoRI and SacI restriction enzymes and the fragment clone into the similarly restricted pNG4-VHss-HuIgG3 CH1' vector.
Analysis of urinary sediment detection result in patients with Candida infection
In reference 21, the authors found that pre-immunisation with a diphtheria or tetanus toxoid carrier protein reduced the increase in anti-Hib antibody levels after a subsequent immunisation with the Hib capsular saccharide conjugated to those carriers, with IgG1 and IgG2 being equally affected.
in particular a gel and a tablet and/or pow, to be delivered into that vagina simultaneously.
these tea infusions may be prepared using either a simple extraction process or an enzymatically assisted extraction process The leaf teas for powder preparation are preferably combined with water in an extractor at the desired temperature to obtain a tea infusion slurry containing extracted tea material and solid tea material .
C. The reaction mixture is further stirred at room temperature for 15 hours and then evaporated in vacuo.
Objective To study the effect of high altitude hypoxia on the activity of NAT2 in rat.
in practice, that disclose syndrome generation method can also be applied in data read from a blue-ray disc to reduce the memory bandwidth requirement of a reproducing system
the extraction has the effect of cell mediated cytotoxicity and can further separate and screen components and monomeric compounds forinhibiting the proliferation of the human lung giant cell carcinoma H460.
peritoneal dialysis
Methods:Acupuncture the wind pool,celestial pillar and whole bone hole with acupuncture pin.Assess the improvement of symptoms and relevant blood stream parameters after a cyclical observation(24days).
wherein at least one first fluorophore serves as the donor fluorophore and at least one second fluorophore serves as the acceptor fluorophore within the fret pair,
the latex particles are typically formed from polystyrene , butadiene styrenes , styreneacrylic-vinyl terpolymer , polymethylmethacrylate , polyethylmethacrylate , styrene-maleic anhydride copolymer , polyvinyl acetate , polyvinylpyridine , polydivinylbenzene , polybutyleneterephthalate , acrylonitrile , vinylchloride-acrylates , and so forth , or an aldehyde , carboxyl , amino , hydroxyl , or hydrazide derivative thereof .
Conclusion The variance of energy expenditure in head trauma patients of different degrees is great,and traditional prediction methods may lead to errors in the calculation of energy expenditure,especially in the severe brain trauma patients.We recommend indirect calorimetry measurements to be used for energy expenditure value in severe head injury patients.
Overall,this work provides further mechanistic insights into PS1M146V and Aβ1-42-driven oligodendrocyte dysfunction and myelin damage during early presymptomatic stages of AD,and provides a new target in oligodendrocytes for developing therapies designed to avert AD-related white matter pathology. 2011 Wiley-Liss,Inc.
In this paper,we researched in the effect of Silicon window on Physiological and biochemistry of Lingwu long jujube.We used different Silicon window to Lingwu long jujub.The results showed that use the Silicon window bag of 5×5 for gas adjustment,can keep hardness and vitamin C of Lingwu long jujube effectively,and it also can inhibit the increase of ethanol.
Study on the variation of peripheral blood cellular immune of patients with myasthenia gravis after treatment with tripterygiitotorum
Chlorophyll was extracted from silkworm faeces by solvent.And sodium manganese chlorophyllin was prepared from the chlorophyll extracted through the processes of saponification,acidification,manganesing and basification.Then it’s photostability and thermostability were determined.
Study on the enhancement diphacinone-europium fluorescence system and application for determination of the residue in urine
Methods Vagus Nerve Stimulation were performed in fourteen patients.QOLIE-31 tests were taken before implantation and after 6~12 months VNS treatment.
Objective:To compare the outcome of F-ET between in natural cycles and artificial cycles.
A neutralizing antibody has the ability to block the interaction of SPARC with its effectors in vivo, for example, the interaction of SPARC with cell surface component or the binding of SPARC to its natural ligands such as albumin, growth factors, and Ca2+.
After the antibodies have been given to the tumor cells, the tumor cells are treated with radiation and/or chemotherapy.
Interaction between Potassium Sorbate and Bovine Serum Albumin Revealed by Fluorescence and Resonance Light Scattering Spectra
The mobile phase was consisted of MeOH-H20(25 :75);The flow rate was 1. 0 mL/min;the detective wave was 250 nm and the column temperature was set at 25℃.
Establishment and Preliminary Evaluation of Rat Animal Model Bearing a Transplantable Osteosarcoma
methanotrophic microorganisms typically employ an enzyme called methane monooxygenase (MMO), which is intracellularly produced in either particulate or soluble form (pMMO or sMMO, respectively).
Compared with pretherapy, IMT in control group was increased(Pcarotid arterial plaque and serum level of NO, CRP, TNF-α(P>(0.05
a number of dispersing agents were investigated , namely tri-ethanol amine , citric acid , menhaden fish oil , oleic acid , phosphate ester ( acid form ) , and polyethylene glycol .
The Distribution of TCM Syndrome in 152 Patients with Chronic Idiopathic Thrombocytopenic Purpura and Correlation with Western Medicine Index of PLT et
Example 4-2 Interaction Between the H12-PLGA Nanosheet and the Activated Platelets
Determination of Neurotransmitters in PC 12 Cells by Microchip Electrophoresis with Fluorescence Detection
Studies have found high levels of patient satisfaction despite continuing problems following treatment 26,3.
Results Patients in group A significantly reduced their backache,lower abdominal bulge,and vaginal discharge and the cervical surface healed quickly compared with group B(P<0.05).
The genotyping of virulence gene vcgC/E and 16S rRNA A/B indicated CB type was detected 31 strains,CAB type in 4 strains,EA type in 3 strains and EAB type in 1 strain.
Explicit self-esteem had partial mediating effect on the interaction anxiousness in the interpersonal attribution style,and the mediating effect accounted for 34. 62%.The proportion of the mediating effect reached 52. 61% in the total effects.
Conclusion The LBC is a rapid and accurate method to determine the fetal lung maturity.
that is, that invention include immunizing an animal use an immunogenic portion, or antigenic determinant, of CPP, a nucleic acid analog, or a CPP-nucleic acid analog construct
Methods: The components in rat plasma were detected by HPLC,and the structure of the component was elucidated by HPLC-MS-MS and NMR methods.
The bile of pigs, oxen and sheep contains bilirubin, bile acid, esters, Saccharide and inorganic salts,etc. According to the existence of propionyloxy functional group in bilirubin molecular structure, bile is reacted with limewash. Thereby, solids (calcium cholates) are obtained. Further, bilirubin is obtained by acidification, ethanol treatment, chloroform recovery, concentration and purifi cation. At present, in foreign countries bilirubin is made from pig gallbladders, its yield is about 0.03%,purity ab...
Soluble Expression of the Functional Region of Human Acetylcholine Receptor α Subunit and Its Immunoreactivity
Temporal trends in early clinical manifestations of perinatal HIV infection in a population-based cohort
Objective Todiscuss two kinds of orthodontic technology that caused the gingival invagination and the influence on its occurrence.
Conclusion: The constructed AAV-hVEGF_(165) could express in vitro, and AAV-hVEGF_(165) could cooperate with AAV-TGFβ1 to promote the expression of collagen I . hVEGF_(165) could possibly reverse the early degeneration of intervetebral disc.
in addition, that silicone elastomer, powders and base composition are capable of functioning as carriers for pharmaceuticals, biocide, herbicides, pesticides, and other biologically active substances; and can be used to incorporate water and water-soluble substances into hydrophobic systems.
Method for directionally inducing insulin-secreting cells by endometrial stem cells
DNA Molecular Marker and Its Application on the Heredity and Breeding Research in Foxtail Millet
Medicinal extract for treating acne rosacea
the device would continue to operate throughout the episode of atrial fibrillation .
a salt is dissociated in a solution and is introduced into the repeating units of a conductive polymer to cause a partial charge transfer between the conductive polymer molecules,
The MIC of O 2 strain to the freshly diluted Enrofloxacin powder and the diluted E Enrofloxacin powder Laid aside for one month was 0.2 μg/ml and 0.4 μg/ml respectively.
Conclusion:The recombinant strain Escherichia coli BL21 showed high level prokaryotic expression of the tachi2 gene.And the enzymatic properties were further defined.It will provide theoretical basis for application and further research in this chitinase.
the study of false positive/negative result and common trouble of Bactec 9120
Methods High sensitive SP immunohistochemistry was used to detect the expressions of NDRG-1 and MMP-7 in 78 cases of renal cell cancer and its adjacent tissues.
The effects of carbon disulphide(CS2) on the induction of chromosome abnormalities in human spermatozoa were studied by means of in vitro tes system of human sperm chromosome.
Cyclic voltammetric results showed a pair of well-defined redox peaks, which corresponded to DET of Mb, with the formal potential (E0′) of (-0.343±0.001) V (vs SCE) in the phosphate buffer solution (PBS, pH 7.0).
lactoferrin is a naturally occur single chain glycoprotein with a molecular weight of about 80 ' 000 d containing 1-4 glycan unit which can be isolated from milk or milk derivatives of many animals by different method.
the relationship between secretagogin and neuroendocrine tumor
Objective To study the protective effects and mechanisms of sevoflurane on lung ischemia reperfusion injury in rats.
Expression and Insecticidal Activities Analysis of Silent Gene cry2Ab3 form Bacillus thuringiensis C002 Strain
(h) the programme of maternal and reproductive health should be strengthened and expanded;
Utilize propionibacterium, fill the nitrogen to culture anaerobic fermentation in essential fermentation medium taking glycerin as carbon source;
Hypoglycemia and the conditions that can result from a lack of awareness of its presence are serious complications of chronic insulin therapy and can occur due to the impaired counter-regulatory (anti-insulin) responses in diabetic patients.
Quantitative study of histochemistry and image analysis of autotransplanted free skeletal muscle in experiment cat
wherein R1 is an alkyl radical having from 1 to 18 carbon atoms, preferably from 1 through 4 carbon atoms; n is a value ranging from 1 through 3; X is a radical selected from the group consisting of halogen, preferably chlorine, and alkoxy radicals, wherein said alkoxy radicals are selected from methoxy and ethoxy, preferably ethoxy, radicals.
the separated epithelium may be lifted or peeled from the surface of the eye to form an epithelial flap or pocket .
Objective To establish a method for determining the contents of rutin and linarin in Jinju Wuhuacha Granules by HPLC.
Insulin has become an important agent in treating this disease,but long-term administration of insulin not only brings pain and inconvenience to the patients but also causes local adipose tissue atrophy and scleroma.
and d) identifying a rice plant having reduced activity of both SBEIIa and SBEIIb proteins and/or enzyme activities in the endosperm.
The polymerization initiator may be added to at least one of the first liquid and water before the emulsification step or may be added to the emulsion after the emulsification step.
Methods Two cases of papillary renal cell carcinoma were presented with review of the literature.
Conclusion BDNF or NT3 could promote survival of primary spinal cord neurons in vitro.
In this dissertation, the tripeptide, serine-aspartic-glutamic acid (SDE), which existes in the COOH-terminal end of the seven repeats in the ligand binding domain of the LDL receptor and plays an important role in identifying LDL, was synthetized and immobilized onto the polyacrylamide (PAAm) beads as a bionic adsorbent for selective removal of LDL from plasma
Observation of Therapeutic Effects on Interventional Therapy for 30 Cases with Advanced Cervical Cancer
In control, the germination rate was 100% and the seedling cmergcnce was 76%.
(4) LVM and LVMI of dilated, symmetrical and unsymmetricaltypes of left ventricular hypertrophy could be all decreased by perdipine,significantly(P<0. 01 ).
The canonical and localized molecular orbitals of Mn_2( μ-Cl)_2(CO)_8 and Mn_2(CO)_(10) have been calculated by using the UHF INDO semiempirical method and via the Edmiston-Ruedenberg localization method. The electronical configuration,geometry struc ture and chemical bonding properties as well as the relationship between them are discussed.
The byname of Jim Nai Ma cries again " candy is killed ", the page that has chewed it takes candy again later, there won't be sweet feeling in the mouth, absorb a quantity to be decreased naturally greatly, candy is divided and the uptake of carbohydrate is reduced, change into adipose quantity to also decrease relatively consequently
Conclusions:The free anterolateral thigh flap has many advantages,such as high survival rate and beautiful shape,so it is ideal for repairing tissue defects of limb flap and especially fit for young patients with cosmetic requirements.
The relevance between peri-implantitis and different implant surfaces was analyzed.Factors such as ages, gender and implant length were also considered.
In shaded environment the microenvironment, plant morphological characteristics, leaf anatomical structure and physiological metabolism, endogenesis hormone and photosynthesis of turfgrass vary significantly in order to maintain energy equilibrium and grow well.The adaptability of turfgrass to shaded environment and its shade-tolerance physiological response mechanism was summarized and it was indicated that it is necessary to made a thorough research for turfgrass shade-tolerance mechanism and to estimate ada
The high blood aluminum group significantly scored higher in MMSE, CDT, DS, FOM, and RVR tests than the low blood aluminum group(P < 0. 05).
include possible organ functional change and / or damage, mental and personality changes, change to sensory perceptions and that like
The hydroxyphenyl groups are provided as part of smaller molecules having primary amine groups that can be attached to the carboxylcarbon atoms of a carboxylic acid group on the long-chain macromolecules via the carbodiimide pathway.
R is hydrogen or a C1-C4 alkyl group with straight chains or branched chains.
the adjuvant of that gel comprise gel matrix selected from one or more of carbomer, gelatin, arabic gum, sodium alginate, methylcellulose, hydroxypropyl methylcellulose, sodium carboxymethylcellulose, liquid paraffin and polyoxyethylene;
Infection and Treatment of 58 Cases of Scabies
NIH/3T3 cells and human gastric cancer cell line 823 were cotransfected with c-myc antisense RNA expression plasmid and pSV_2neo plasmid by electroporation method. Transfected cell lines selected by G418 were obtained. The induction in transfected cell of c-myc antisense RNA expression by Cd~(2+) with certain concentration resulted in alteration of cell morphology, inhibition of cell growth and changes in DNA, RNA and protein biosynthesis.
Other infections to be treated with PMPA include MSV, RSV, FIV, MuLV, and other retroviral infections of rodents and other animals.
the reason is that there is a deep well on that potential energy surface ( PES) of the S + D2 reaction. BW2 PES of the Cl + H2 reaction has long-range van der Waal minima in both the entrance and exit channels, but the product rotational alignment effect obtain on the BW2 PES is strong than that on the G3 PES
The method comprise the steps of obtaining first amplification of a nucleic acid signal by template linear amplification of a to-be-detected nucleic acid molecules; adding a RNA product obtained by the amplification into a solid phase together with amplification bridge molecules and capture bridge molecules to carry out hybridization; capturing the RNA product on the solid phase; hybrid identifying one ends of the amplification bridge molecule with the RNA product; combining the other ends of the amplification bridge molecule with the amplification bridge molecules added in the following step; combining a plurality of biotin molecules connected on the amplification bridge molecules with markers such as horse radish peroxidase; and finally realizing dual amplification process of the acid signal.
?-shaped fracture line can be observed at ? side of ? segment ?, the fracture lines angulate to the ?, distal end move to ?, with partially impaction of bone cortex.
Studies on the Immune Competence of Patients with Cancer after Radiotherapy
The yielded algal biomass was suspended in 50 .m u.l of physiological saline and observed by fluorescence microscopy.
investigation into prolapse of gastric mucosa treat by endoscopic high frequency electrosection and radiofrequency electrocautery
After culturing for 24 hours followed by addition of the 4 peptides of the peptide of the present invention to each well, they were further cultured for 48 hours.
hepatitis B fusion protein multiva lentvaccine, preparation method and use thereof
West German Patent Application DE No. 3337859 refers to preparation of benzothiazole derivatives by cyclization of 2-substituted aniline or nitrobenzene compounds with thioamide derivatives.
Preliminary Study of Clinical Application of MR Whole Body Diffusion Weighted Imaging with Background Suppression
28 . an aqueous vaccine containing haemagglutinin from at least one strain of influenza virus wherein , when the vaccine is stored at 25C , the rate of degradation of the haemagglutinin is less than 33 % per year per strain .
Cloning and Expressing of PD-L2 in Escherichia Coli
Result:The resection rate was 100%. The total rate of postoperative complications was 4 0%.
Methods The expressions of survivin and Caspase-3 mRNA were detected by RT-PCR and the clinical data were analyzed.
s The graft copolymerization of cinnamic acid onto acrylonitrile-butadiene-styrene terpolymer(ABS) was initiatied by benzoyl peroxide(BPO)in 1,2-dichloroethane or cyclohexanone solution.
the 7-ethyl-10-hydroxycamptothecine liposome has granularity of 50-200 nm, encapsulate rate over 95 % and determine curative effect
【Conclusion】 For secondary epilepsy,the monitoring of ECoG combined with multiple surgical to resect the primary foci and epileptic foci intraoperation can obviously reduce the incidence of epilepsy.
The reconstructed cDNA show infectivity by primary identifications
Gram-positive cocci accounted for 27. 5% each year with a decreasing trend.Gram-negative bacilli accounted for 52. 8% showing an increasing trend.
Kaplan-Meier analysis demonstrated significantly higher probability of all-cause and CV mortality between the lower and upper EMPs tertiles
Results A total of 2,452 HFMD cases and 126 clustered cases were reported in Fangshan District in 2011,which ranked the first in Beijing.The reported morbidity was 259. 47/100,000.
A Study of Polarographic Adsorption Catalytic Wave of Scandium, Uranium, Thorium, Zirconium and Rare Earths Ⅳ.Polarographic Catalytic wave of Thorium and Determination of Trace Amounts of Thorium in Ores
Traditional Chinese medicine for treating postmenopausal osteoporosis
Comparison of retinol-binding protein and thyroid function related hormones of different urine specimens
Dip 3 and 10 μmol·L -1 markedly reduced the amplitude of EADs and the incidences of EADs and TA induced by Iso.
significance in expression of PTEN and FHIT in oral squamouce cell carcinoma
Parameters of CT pulmonary function imaging in emphysema and obstructive ventilatory defect
Clinical treatment,though fully take positive resuscitation,organ support,anti-infection,medium antagonist methods,SIRS/MODS fatality rate is still high.
pa-tients healed without skin grafting and 22 healed after being skin grafted
autonomic nerve ending
Preparation of granular cold-water-soluble waxy maize starch by alcoholic-alkaline treatment
Methods Immunohistochemical determination of MVD, VEGF expression in lung adenocarcinoma cases.
The effect of seed soaking with choline chloride(CC)solution on seed germination and seedling growth of wheat cultivar(Zhoumai 18)under salt stress was studied at different concentration of CC solution.
Application and Development of Positron Emission Tomography in Neuropsychosis
Ad ded Ca at rate of 2 5 and 5 0 mmol/L, plants accumulated 6019 and 2014 mg/pot, respectively, which were 79% and 26% of total As accumulation by plant tr eated with 0 03 mmol/L.
C-reactive protein levels increased concomitantly with age in the knockout mice,and ultrasonographically measured atherosclerotic thickness correlated with those levels( r = 0. 626,P < 0. 001).
Pathologic features showed 5 cases were adenocarcinoma. 2 cases squamous cellcarcinoma, 1 was transitional cell carcinoma.
Infrared spectra of 1-Hydroxyanthraquinone and rare earth elements (La, Ce, Pr, Nd, Sm, Eu, Gd, Tb and Dy) complexes in the range between 4000-50 cm-1 were determined on Bruker 113 V Fourier transform spectrometer. The bands, including the new bands measured in the far infrared region, have been assigned by isotropic substitution technique and spectral change after forming complexes
an intermediate step in the eb method, which has been found to increase the yield of cell of the various hematopoietic lineages, is to fragment the ebs.
Results The level of LDH on Al patients of first cures and relapse is higer than that of normal control (P<0.01).
The 5 years total survival rate is 92.9%, the recurrent rate is 27.3%, and the mortality is 4.5%.
Results Before treatment, the level of CD4+ in group Ⅰand Ⅱ were higher than that in group Ⅲ; one month after treatment, the level of CD4+ in group Ⅰ decreased to the level of that in group Ⅲ, there was still obviously different between group Ⅱand Ⅲ. The changes of CD8+ was opposite to CD4
All models were adjusted for conduct disorder,since conduct disorder is a potent predictor of subsequent substance use disorders.
Results: The general effective rate was 90. 5%(19/21) after 4 weeks treatment.
improve that recombination efficiency of larger plasmid DNA by Two-ligation
The differently expressed proteins related to regulate depolymerization of microfilament were screen by two-dimensional electrophoresis and mass spectroscopy(MS).
[Results] The results showed that the combination of Ludanlan sophora flavescens 1 000 times liquid + salicylic acid 300 times liquid, Clolrimazole suppositories 1 000 times liquid, Ludanlan sophora flavescens 1 000 times liquid and salicylic acid 300 times liquid had the best control efficacy against the disease.They were the preferred reagents for the prevention of myxomycetes disease in production practice.
The differences of AHI,SpO2LOW,the total score of MMSE were statistically significant between the two groups of the individuals(P<0.01).The values of IGF-1 in serum in the OSAHS group after 4 days CPAP treatment was 400. 7±101.
Effects of Antihypertensive Drugs and Isosorbide Dinitrate on Arterial Stiffness Index and Arterial Pulse Pressure in Essential Hypertension;
Construction of Prokaryotic Expression Vector for cDNA Encoding β-carotene Hydroxylase from NanFeng Orange(Citrus Reticulata Blanco var. Kinokuni (Tanaka) H. H. Hu)
Repeated ESWL treatments at different intervals on isolated kidney in rats were studied. The activity of urine NAG and endogenous creatinine clearance rate AS well as histological study of kidney were carried out for testing renal damage.
The Research on the Application of Factor Analysis in Studying the Etiology of Cancer
48647 A Chinese medicinal composition, in form of paste for treatment of hepatocarcinoma and liver cirrhosis comprises Fructus Piperis, Oviductus Ranae, Sulfur preparata, CHISHANGLUGEN, Galla Chinensis, Thallus Laminariae, Mylabris, Myrrha, Olibanum, Rhizoma Curcumae, Rhizoma Sparganii, Sanguis Draxonis, Radix Angelicae Sinensis, Lignum Aquilariae Resinatum, Lignum Santali Albi, Colophonium, Rhizoma Cyperi, Radix Linderae, Rhizoma Et Radix Notopterygii, Radix Angelicae Pubescentis, Radix Kansui, Fructus Crotonis, potassium dichromate, Bulbus Allii Fistulosi, Flos Genkwa, Pumex vinegar preparata, Radix Aconiti Kusnezoffii Preparata, Radix Aconiti Preparata, Radix Aconiti Lateralis Preparata, Rhizoma Typhonii, Squama Manis, Bombyx Batryticatus, Caulis Akebiae, Herba Scutellariae Barbatae, Semen Arecae, Radix Et Rhizoma Rhei preparata, Pericarpium Citri Reticulatae Viride, Semen Pharbitidis, Radix Aucklandiae, Cortex Magnoliae Officinalis, Semen Trigonellae, Oletum Trogopterori, Radix Clematidis, Cortex Cinnamomi, Rhizoma Corydalis, Rhizoma Ligustici, Radix Bupleuri, and Rhizoma Coptidis. Process for preparation comprises pulverizing and mixing with Goral fat.
Study on application of averaged reference electrode of electroencephalography in children
Keywords apramycin, piglets, growth promoting effect, crude protein, lysine
In step 508 the selected reviewer downloads the registered medical case.
The method creatively uses a double-E2 gene serial expression mode in order that the number of E2 epitope is doubled,
Seven in twelve lymph nodes which had metastatic involvement comfirmed by pathology were seen in 99m Tc-MIBI scintigraphy. The sensitivity,specificity and accuracy were 58.3%,100% and 82.1%,respectively.
The Biological Activities of Chitosan Oligosaccharide Derivatives prepared by Maillard Reaction
the adduct ( ii ) ( prepared according to example 5 ) was added to the esterified mixture and stirred for 10-15 minutes before it was transferred to polycondensation reactor.
it may be use to cure gastric ulcer, duodenal ulcer, gastritis, duodenitis and chronic enteritis, and it has that features of obvious cure effect, less recurrence and no addiction.
The invention relates to an oral preparation pharmaceutical composition for treating respiratory diseases, which comprises effective doses of ambroxol, cefixime, a corrigent and other pharmaceutically acceptable adjuvant materials.
the present invention relate to that use of compounds of formula II for the treatment or prevention of obesity
This paper reviews related literatures so as to explore the areas,the role and the indications of tumor plastic surgery with related chemotherapy,the interaction between chemotherapy and tumor plastic surgery,the choice of chemotherapeutics and the course of chemotherapy,the comprehensive treatment of tumor plastic surgery and personalized chemotherapy.
(1) 60.0% cases were still undergoing HBV active replication or reactivation in which HBcAg cytoplasmic and membreneous expression was often associated with the hepatic necrosis foci;
Studies on Antigen Localization and Gene Differential Expression in Avian Influenza Virus Infected Chicken
Results Six patients were successfully mobilized and their hematopoiesis was reconstructed rapidly after transplantation.No malignant transplant-related complications and at present disease-free survival for 5 to 89 months.
Role of Mitochondria in Ischemic Postconditioning-induced Attenuation of Cerebral Ischemia in Diabetic Rats
The effect of HaC^ or Cu2+ concentration on the oxidative damage was also studied.
the ( NH4 ) 2Sx treatment combine with SiNx passivation by PECVD is used to study that improvement of stability of GaAs surface use ( NH4 ) 2Sx treatment.
Synthesis of Quaternary Alkyl Cation Starch and Its Industrialization Proposal
The Study of Alkalized Lidocaine Serum Concentration in Mothers and Their Infants in Caesarean Section
The method of claim 8, wherein the one or more inhibitors of a bone morphogenetic protein pathway is selected from dorsomorphin, LDN-193189 or noggin
The mouse was sacrificed when the tumor size reached 3000mm3 or at the end of experiment .
The Killing Effect of Peripheral Blood T Lymphocytes Costimulated by Anti-CD3 and CD28 Combined with Gastrin Receptor Antagonist to Colon Cancer Cells
Infection of recombinant adenovirus expressing acidic fibroblasts growth factor enhances rabbit corneal endothelium proliferation
Carbamoyl phosphate synthase, Acetyl ornithine amino transferase and ornithine acetyl transferase encoded by CarAB, ArgD and ArgJ were the key enzymes in L-arginine biosynthetic pathway.
Association of the Germline Mutations of E-Cadherin Gene(CDH1) in Gastric Cancer
G~- Bacteria Infection in Patients with Hepatic Disease
The results showed that the isotherms were of F type Cu2+, Pb2+, Zn2+, L type for Cd2+.
Cardiac myosin binding protein C (cMYBPC) is one protein of the sarcomere complex, cMYBPC gene (MYBPC3) m utation has b een d ocumented as o ne o f t he main causes for HCM. Defects in MYBPC3 were estimated responsible for about 20% of HCM.
Methods Acute stroke patients with dysphagia were divided into 3 groups.Routine group(n=188) received routine swallowing training.Stimulation group(n=196) received routine swallowing training and neuromuscular electrical stimulation.Acupuncture group(n=112) received routine swallowing training,neuromuscular electrical stimulation,and acupuncture.
All the end of treatment 4 weeks after drug withdrawal.Review of endoscopic parallel speed urease test.
structural and functional change of midbrain neurons in rat injured by electroacupuncture
Dmax and Dmin measured by 3 D were correlated well with anatomy (r=0.97, P<0.001 for Dmin; r=0.95, P<0.001 for Dmin). This was feasible in patients' studies, producing coherent images.
Aberrant expression of immunoglobulin germline gene Cμ in leukemias
L-type calcium channels of human mesenchymal stem cells
providing pacing includes providing pacing to improve integration of cells into areas of myocardial infarction .
Detection of MIP-1β and MCP-1 in Myocardium of Viral Myocarditis and Its Implications
Cloning and Expression of Hemagglutinin-neuraminidase Gene from Newcastle Disease Virus B95 Strain
After analyzing the expression of the RECK gene in SCC-25cells,we got the plasmid which can effectively express the RECK gene and protein.
The control group were nursed by conventional way until discharge,the treatment group were nursed by rehabilitation path based on the control group during hospitalization and after discharge.
In this paper, the technique of superplastic pretreatment and superplastic deformation of the industrial aluminun alloy LY12 are investigated. The result shows that the superplasticity and stablly refined grains can be obtained through suitable thermo-meehanieal processing and stabilizing treatment. The elongation is 255%, and the value of m is about 0.3~0.36 at the 430℃, (?)=1.67×10~(-3) S~(-1
The higher the titer values, the greater the concentration of live infectious virus
The membrane fusion events leading to HIV entry into the target cell are initiated by the binding of gp120 to CD4 and subsequently to a co-receptor, CXCR4 or CCR5. Consequently, gp41 undergoes conformational changes, resulting in the fusion between the viral and cellular membranes or between the infected and uninfected cells.
Methods After technique, the pathology diagnosis's pathological change group armor lump 34 examples, make the comparison with 30 example thyroid gland normal group, carries on the review analysis.
ResultsThe SPTP was more common in the female patients,and could occur in any part of the pancreas.The tumors were solid-cystid,the tumor cells were uniform,the mitotic figures were rarely seen,and the tumor cells were arranged with typical false nipple construction.
Linear regression equation basedon activity caPacity of EGG corresponding to aging and calculatonof representaive value of age-related activity caPacity of EGGshows that Activity caPacity of fasting EGG of fasing in restingstate tends to descend with aging.
The question of memory was at its most acute and painful,and had already produced twenty years of difficult debate.With his downward entrance and bleak concrete structure,Striffler struck just the right note,showing that architecture had lost none of its memorial power.
Analysis of Heart Rate Variability of Coronary Atherosclerotic Cardiopathy
Effects of Transgenic Bt + CpTI Cotton Planting on the Soil Available Nutrients and Enzyme Activities
[Objective]To observe the effect of banxia xiexin decoction on apoptosis of human gastric epithelial cell GES-1 infected by Hp[.
the proces of that present invention, unlike the ethylene-acetic acid-oxygen-based route, indeed produces vinyl acetate in high conversion per pass and does not produce significant quantities of carbon dioxide
The product provided by the invention has favorable actions of lowering blood sugar and blood fat, losing weight and the like, and is an ideal raw material for treating diabetes and cardiovascular diseases.
Using the lateral distal tibial locking plate as internal fixation to treatment of the type-C Pilon fracture
from all the common variants,
2. The binding pair of claim 1, wherein the first and second specificity molecules are each independently selected from the group consisting of: a receptor, a ligand, and an antibody.
and optionally contains (C) a polyfunctional (meth)acrylate having at least 3 (meth)acryloyl groups in a molecule.
Typically, increasing the viscosity decreases the rate of formation of the hydrogen and decreasing the viscosity of the composition increases the rate of formation of the hydrogen, by increasing the diffusion rate of the glycerol component.
This product is the most advantaged and clinical-value method for diagnosis of early nephropathy damnification equipped with enormous market demands
Objective To investigate the influence of plasma exchange (PE) for treating severe hepatitis by two different vascular accesses.
Inhibition of Three Wheat Diseases by Metabolites of Botrytis cinerea
Effects of CIDE-B on Neuronal Apoptosis and the Characteristics of Neuron Apoptosis Induced by Rabbit Firearm Sciatic Nerve Injury
solvent of dissolution PS plastic foam are mix solvents of dimethylbenzene, ethyl acetate and n - butyl alcohol.
Studieson the Genetic Variation of Main Charactersof Oryza sativa Progenies Derived from Anther Culture in Vitro
The preparation has the anti-inflammatory and debridement effects, can not only cover the wound surface, reduce infection, but also can actively participate in the burn wound healing, thus greatly improving the treating effect of wound surfaces of burn, trauma and the like.
As a tumor marker, the sensitivity of combined use of three methods was 88.00%, specificity 96.87% and accuracy 90.15
Objective To study the important role of Runt-related transcription factor 2(Runx2) in the Hedgehog-induced terminal osteoblast differentiation.
the synthesis and analysis of organogermanium ( Ge-132
Analysis of the recurrent reason and therapeutic efficacy of 153 re-treated smear positive pulmonary tuberculosis
In the pot test, ethyl acetate extract showed more than 70% of protective efficacy and therapeutic efficacy against wheat powdery mildew under the concentration of 2000μg·mL~(-1
In another aspect of the present invention, a detoxification method may, for example, include immersing at least a portion of a patient's body within a reservoir filled with water; generating ions within the water; and simultaneously with the generating ions, irradiating a predetermined area of the therapy subject with laser light.
Modulations of nicotine on functions and geneexpressions of monoamine receptor in the brain
the organic polymer comprise a polymer free of silicon atoms
Results Compared with the control cells,the cells with prolonged starvation showed increased MDC- positive cells and autophagosome formation.The expression of Beclin-1 and the LC3-II/LC3-I ratio also increased as the starvation prolonged,reaching the peak levels at 3 h and 4 h,respectively.
Gellan gum,a kind of microbial polysaccharide with great property of forming gel,can be widely used in food,pharmaceutical and other industries.However,the high cost limits its widespread applications.In this study,corn steep liquor and urea were used as cheap nitrogen sources for the fermentation of gellan gum,and initial glucose concentration,aeration and agitation were optimized to develop a new process with cost advantage.
Clinical Observation of the Treatment Ischemical Cerebralvascular With DF -521
Research on the decreasing function of rhein on contractile activity of uterine smooth muscle strips of virginal rats
A brief literature survey of recent advances in the dendrimer-based MRI contrast agents is given.
Method:Take the naringin as the target,uses L9(34) the orthogonal test for optimizing the extraction condition of Kangzhongliu Capsule.
Trends of Antibiotic Resistance in Strains of Shigella Isolated in Beijing Over 8 Years
It is proved via in vitro bacteria restraining test that this product has a significant restraining effect on multiple pathogenic bacteria.
Results: Compare with the gastric cancer cell lines under normoxia,and 254 lncRNA which have more than 1. 5 times variation and significant diference(P<0.
NMR STUDIES ON NATURAL CAPSAICINS
3. The RnE2 levels in the AP of the aging female rats were lower than those of young and middle-aged groups;
Objective To investigate the expression of mini-chromosome maintenance protein 5( MCM5) expression in gastric cancer tissue and its significance.
C-1027 is a novel antitumor antibiotics produced by Streptomyces globisporus C-1027 which was isolated from the soil in Hubei, China.
Once the callus had become compact and nodular, they were transferred to MSB regeneration medium with NAA 5.0 mg /l, 0.5 mg /l each of BA and KT, and 3% sucrose, then embryo could be differentiated from the callus upon regular subculturing, Embryo developed into plantlet on MSB medium with 1.0 mg /l NAA and 0.5mg /l KT. Plantlets have been regenerated from cultivars of Sidou No.
A study on structure and absorbance prowerties of silicon-based oxide films
Separation of vitamin B group with micellar paper chromatography and their host-guest chromatographic behaviour
similarly," conservative amino acid substitution," where one or a limited number of amino acid in an amino acid sequence are substituted with different amino acids with highly similar properties, are also readily identify as being highly similar to a disclosed construct.
Esmolol Combined and Nitroglycerin Suction on the Response of Patients with Cardiovascular Prevention
3 The research has been made on stability of the anthocyanins in Impatiens hawkeri. Conclusion was drawn that the indoors nature light, temperature( lower than 80 C ), cane sugar, glucose, salt, reductant, antiseptic, K+, Na+, Ca2+, Zn2+, Mg2+ etc.
Methods Biopsy was performed in 28 patients with bladder cancer,and the distribution and number of CD3+T lymphocyte in tissue of bladder cancer and epithelium of paracancer area were observed and compared using immunohistochemistry.
other stabilizers may also prevent oxidation of amino acids
Cloning of HSA-TP5 Fusion Protein cDNA and It Expression in Pichia Pastoris
With in situ hybridization and RNA dot blot hybridization technique, we detected laminin mRNA in normal liver, primary liver cancer (PLC) and its Surrounding liver tissues. It was confirmed that both mesenchymal cells and tumor cells had hybridized signals. in PLC tissue. Tumor cells had more intensive signals.It is suggested that laminin mRNA overexpression in tumor cells may be related with the biological activities of tumor cells. Tumor cells are the main source of laminin in cancer tissue
The application study of esophagectomy via ultrasonically activated scalpel
homologous gene sequence may be isolated, for example, by perform PCR using two degenerate oligonucleotide primer pools design on that basis of nucleotide sequences as taught herein.
Pathological changes state is clear, local skin presents limitation conic shape cutin is proliferous, the ache when bunting is acuteness.
Effect of timing of chronic preoperative aspirin discontinuation on morbidity and mortality in patients having combined coronary artery bypass grafting and valve surgery.
in one aspect, that invention provide a DNA molecule.
Moreover, some egl-1 spikelets have many reiterated lemma- and palea-like structure. (4) Fine mapping of EG1 gene.
All the antibodies generated will be added to the library of anti-cancer antibodies since there is a possibility that other tumors can bear some of the same epitopes as the one that is being treated .
the invention discloses a method for preparing cellulose from straws by using a biological method,
15. The method of claim 14 wherein the cells affected to express SDF-1 comprise autologous cells that have been harvested from the subject to be treated prior to culturing.
Diagnostic Criteria of Occupational Acute Electric Ophthalmia (Kerato-Conjunctivitis Caused by Ultraviolet …
Effects of the Interference of GIPC1 on Protein Expression in MCF-7 Breast Cancer Cells
the novel ternary retention and filtration aid system consist of polyethylene imine, cationic polyacrylamide and anionic polyacrylamide
Expression of Tyrosine Hydroxylase in the Hippocampus of Rat Model of Posttraumatic Stress Disorder
The chiral recognition models of naproxen and clenbuterol enantiomers on Whelk-O1 CSP werepredicted by the comparison research of enantioseparation thermodynamic data.
Influence of Increasing supplementary feed in diet of growth sheep on the physics and chemistry index
A flake-like pyrolytic product was obtained without any additive.Petal-shaped pyrolytic product was prepared with additive of potassium dihydrogen phosphate.Spherical pyrolytic product was obtained with additive of ammonium carbonate,and whisker pyrolytic product was obtained if soluble magnesium salt was added.
Indoor Air Pollution during Childhood and Lung Cancer in Zhanjiang City
the above result indicate that even when glucose is added in two installment, that curdian-producing capabilities of the mutants of this invention are still higher than the capability of the parent strain.
Following the last behavioral test on Day 39, animals were dosed with 0.1, 0.5 and 1.8 mg/kg Meteorin and serum samples collected 2, 6 and 24 hours later for pharmacokinetic evaluation (FIG. 11).
Synthesis of Bryoanthrathiophene’s Analogues
Result:It was demonstrated that linearity trial were passed in both concentration intervals,80-13228 mIU/mL and 41-186 mIU/mL.
Quantitative real-time RT-PCR was conducted for lung, liver, kidney, intestine, brain, thymus, spleen, lymph nodes, uterus, ovaries, and testis.
A best baseline seperation of atenolol isomers was achieved when the mobile phase was hexane-isopropanol-triethylamine(80:20:0.4,by volume)at a flow rate of 1. 0 mL/min,and column temperature was 30 ℃.
The Synthesis of Monodispersed Polystyrene Colloid Spheres with Different Sizes (0.02-0.5μ)
Orally disintegrating composition with desloratadine citrate disodium
Control cells, untreated A1 and B cells, were tested in columns 1 and 2, respectively.
Effects of Modified Baitouweng Decoction on Immune Function in Broils
The growth and collagen expression of in vitro cultured periodontal ligament cells (PDLC) and gingi-val fibrobksts (GF) were observed with MTT assay and immunohistochemical technique.
in preparation of such a peripheral blood lymphocyte, a single specie of that gene for the V. beta. chain of TCR of WT1-specific CTLs may be use to obtain a plurality of types of peripheral blood lymphocytes, which are in turn introduced into patient.
Regulation of calmodulin import to cardiac nuclei of rat and its alterations during overload-induced cardiac hypertrophy
05),the experimental group of patients satisfaction with care were better than the control group(P <0.05).
The synthetic pathway relies upon a novel stereospecific synthesis of an oxazoline intermediate and a unique stereoselective addition of a formyl amide to the oxazoline.
The three curve line in diagnostic criterions used in wrist, the postitive diagnostic rate as followed:in angular type and reverse type of scaphoid fracture
Objective To evaluate the clinical value of bronchial artery infusion(BAI)combined with percutaneous intratumor alcohol injection(PAI)in the treatment of advanced lung cancer.
Study on Line-scanning Based Laser Confocal Microscopy
synthesize betulic acid from betulin through microbial cell bioconversion
Results: In rat myocardial cells,solution of Cyclovirobuxine D-one menthanol crystals at the concentration of 4 × 10-4 g/L and 4 × 10-3 g/L reduced the peak values and the steady-state values at holding potential-100 mV on the inward current curves of IK1 significantly compared with prior to administration.At the same time,the peak values on the outward current curves of IK1 were inhibited obviously.
Related factors and prognosis of gynecologic acute abdominal diseases in puerperium
The result shows that these interactions result in the fluorescence quenching of BSA,which belongs to static quenching mechanism.
Re-survey on current status of treatment and control in asthmatic outpatients
Results The skin temperature difference between both sides of incision was (0.0980.088).
Objective To explore the value of ultrasonography in diagnosis of pancreatic cancer and its clinical significance.
15 . the process of claim 11 , wherein the surface active biological molecules are selected from the group consisting of : albumin , casein , heparin , and hirudin .
The Li-6400 portable photosynthesis system was used to study the photosynthetic characteristics of three-year-old herbaceons plant of Melissa officinalis,and its chlorophyll content was detected by spectrophotometer.
The changes in hippocampal brain-derived neurotrophic factor expression and cognitive function of rats under post-stroke depression
Clinical Analysis of 26 Cases of Anterior Ethmoidal Nerve Syndrome
Development of Wheat Endosperm and the Pathway of Nutrient Entering the Endosperm
2. The positive expression of nm23-H1 protein was 48.6% in RCC and 91.4% in corresponding paratumor tissues, the difference was significant (P<0.05).
Objective:To explore the effects of individualized psychological intervention on anxiety and depression of AIDS patients.
2. ASPPi gene mRNA expression in all tumor cell lines is prominent lower than theexpression in normal cells (fibroblast cell and blood monocyte), p<0.01. ASPP: gene mRNA expression is different in each tumor cell line.
Objective To identify monoclonal antibodies against human heparanase and to screen a monoclonal antibody specifically inhibiting tumor metastasis.
Application of plant nitrogen high-efficiency utilization gene and protein coded thereby
the antigen is bound by the immobilised and also the labelled antibodies bind to the antigen, whereby fluorescently labelled antibodies are concentrated at the wall holding covalently immobilised antibodies.
The compounds of the invention are useful as protein kinase inhibitors and therefore are useful for treating cancer and other protein kinase mediated diseases.
Dynamic Changes and Clinical Significance of Serum MMP-3 and MMP-9 in Patients with Cerebral Infarction
USING RAPD TO ANALYSE mtDNA OF CMS LINE AND ITS MAINTAINER LINE IN COMMON WHEAT
Improvement in PCR Condition of Mitochondrion Cyt b Gene from Adelphocoris fasciaticollis Reuter
The efficacy of granulocyte colony-stimulating factor (G-CSF) for coronary collateral growth promotion and thus impending myocardial salvage has not been studied so far, to our best knowledge
The structure of as-synthesized block copolymer as well as the morphology and size of its micelle were analyzed by means of Fourier transform infrared spectrometry,nuclear magnetic resonance spectroscopy,gel permeation chromatography,and transmission electron microscopy.
In May 2010,the fertilized eggs of Schizothorax pseudaksaiensis Herzenstein were obtained through artificial propagation and artificial insemination techniques,the embryonic and larval development were observed under artificial rearing conditions.
For sample preparation, a tissue or cell sample from a mammal (typically a human patient) may be used.
Curative effects and analysis of surgical methods and bone grofting on senile teeth with apical disease in two years
Spatio-temporal Properties of Locomotor Activity within 24 Hours after Focal Cerebral Ischemia in Mice
The carbonyl methylene condensation reaction of aromatic aldehydes with ethyl cyanoacetate has been carried out smoothly in the presence of potassium fluoride only giving E isomers in high yield.
Despite the existence of such drugs, diabetes remains a major and growing public health problem
The levels of TNF-α,sTNF-R55 and sTNF-R75 decreased obviously after the treatment in the inhalation group(P < 0. 05).
it was found that that dye coloration intensity increase with decreasing surfactant bin i. e. sodium dodecyl sulfate ( sds ) ( least stain uptake ) > suifosuccinate > water > alkyl polyglucoside ( apg ) ( most stain uptake ).
Research on Techniques of Maize Yield over 15 000 kg/hm 2
Objective Analyze the reason for the harmful bone transplantation and the influence on the interior fixation
Changes of Intercranial Hematoma of Cerebral Hemorrhage Caused by Hypertension Treatment with Dehydration in Different Periods
the result showed that that molar ratio of wat to surfactant ( r w) had nothing to do with the gold particle size, but the concentration of the aqueous gold salt solution had a significant effect on the size of gold particle
Two weeks after the last vaccination,the level of specific IgG antibody,IFN-γ and IL-18 were measured by ELISA;one month after the last vaccination,spleen cells of vaccinated mice were separated and the proliferative response of spleen lymphocytes was stimulated by ConA and measured by MTT.
Different etiology has different therapeutic method.So early definite diagnosis in etiology has great significance,which also is the guarantee for proper application of antibiotics.
Many cases had discrepancy in antigenicity between NP40-SDS extract and Saponin-SDS extract .
Briefly, DLD-1 cells were stably transfected with the pcDNA6TR plasmid to select clones expressing the Tet repressor and s
Effects of GSRb3 on GABA in brain tissue of rats with injury of hypoxia
7 MDS (RAEB 1, RAEB T 1, AL secondary to MDS 5);
Conclusion: It's safe and effective in treating ventricular arrhythmia.
substituted alkyldiamine derivatives and their use as tachykinin antagonists
The invention makes use of bactericidal action from that penicillin restrains synthesis of bacterial cell wall and utilizes the pearl powder to pinch capillary and astringe dialyzate, thereby ensuring that the wound can be healed quickly and shortening the treatment time of patients greatly.
lipid disturbance,
Conclusion The infusion extension tube fixed tube method significantly reduced the unplanned decannulation rate,reduce the workload of the nursing staff,reduce the economic burden of the patient,improve patient satisfaction,effectively reduce care dispute.
2. The aqueous paint composition according to claim 1, where the solubility of the monomers to form the film-forming latex polymer having anionic property, excluding the monomers that show anionic property, is 0.1-0.9 g per 100 g of water.
include optical brighten agents that impart fluores compounds to that textiles
After the ginseng to use again,is to improve the efficiency of using the forest and forest land productivity,increasing the income of ginseng farmers attempt,this paper,combined with the practice,to reuse after ginseng introduced several mode,ginseng farmers for reference.
Still in another condition boning bowing fracture
the present invention also provides a method of treating tumor in a patient comprising administering a combination of a CD40 agonist antibody and a DNA replication inhibitor.
Two simulation results show that the performance of single neuron intelligent controller based on FPGA is better than the single neuron PID intelligent controller designed by MATLAB
Methods The clinical data of splenic injury during gastric cancer operation occurred in July 2007-December 2012 were analyzed retrospectively.
in important embodiment, that CpG immunostimulatory nucleic acid is a C class immunostimulatory nucleic acid
homo-or copolymer of olefins, e. g., polyethylene, polypropylene, polybutylene, ethylene-propylene, ethylene- hexylene, ethylene-butylene-styrene, ethylene-vinyl ester, ethylene acrylic acid esters
Basically, proteins are encoded by sectors of DNA called genes
fibromembranous subvalvular aortic stenosis
Keywords Ursodeoxycholic acid (UDCA); Liver transplantation; Adult; Rat; Acute cellular rejection (ACR); Cytokines; Ischemia-reperfusion injury (IRI
Correlation between Recurrence and Expression of VEGF、MVD、16-slice Helical Computed Tomography Dynamic Enhancement in Meningiomas
By targeting children in Grades 3 through 8, including both the child's and the parent's perspective, not requiring an index event, and balancing scope of symptom coverage with brevity, CROPS and PROPS may fill a niche in child trauma assessment
Survey of community management of diet of diabetes patients in rural areas
Change of the L-Arginine/Nitric Oxide Pathway of Platelet after Coronary Artery Stent Implantation
the Bacillus coagulans strain JSSW-LA-07 can produce spore unde an aerobic condition and produce a small amount of L-lactic acid in that metabolism during a course of fermentation.
Conclusions The misdiagnosis of atypical Kawasaki disease can be diagnosed with laboratory tests to give an early application of immune globulin to reduce coronary artery damage.
The influence of coenzyme Q10 on experimental periodontitis in rats
Immunohistochemical expression of NMDA receptor subunits NR1, NR2A and NR2B in rat hippocampus
After isolation of vector plasmids by mini-prep, the fusion protein gene was cloned into the expression vector such as pJexpress (DNA 2.0) and pET 11 or 25 (Novagen) using the NdeI and BamH1 sites for expression without any tag sequences.
Mice transplanted with BCR-ABL positive bone marrow is treated with either a suboptimal dose of the ABL inhibitor AMN107, or with a combination of AMN107 (50 mg/kg qd) and the Smo antagonist cyclopamine (25 mg/kg bid).
The present invention has six kinds of high efficiency new structure xylylene imide herbicide. The herbicides features that they have partial fluorine atom in the site-2, chlorine atom in the site-4 and xylylene imide in site-1 preserved, and the site-5 substituted radical in benzene ring altered.
The contact of blood or plasma with foreign surfaces results in contact activation and thereafter in coagulation, the release of kinins, and the activation of the complement system.
The modelling of the gas exchange procedures between microbubble and tissue is further complicated because of incomplete understanding of the processes that determine bubble formation.Therefore,the authors introduced a new model for describing the exchange of inert gas between tissues and blood based on distributed capillary units or lumped compartments,either of which may be perfusion-or diffusion-limited.
in that essay, the growth-development of the crossbred goat of Boer by system estimation was study. the results showed that the body weightes and bod y sizes of the crossbred goat were significantly superior to the body weightes a nd body sizes of the contemporary local goats ( P < 0.01 ). the improved extent was 5 0.00%-91.44%. from the birth to 8 months old, the daily gain of the crossbred goats puts up 123g. it was 1.8 times of the contemporary local goats.
50tumour cure dosage
In this study,the rats had increased training load in the running during 7 weeks.This training let the form of the rats had changed significantly and could be damaged easily.Through this,the Hb of the rats was low.
it has easily obtain catalysts, high catalytic activity, mild reaction condition, wide scopes of that application of strates and high product areas and correspond selectivity.
Experiments indicated that the callus induced from the leaf explants cultured on the MS medium with 1. 5 mg·L-1 of 6-BA showed the fastest growth.
Coriolus versicolor 4, Pleurotus ostreatus and Pleurotus sajor-caju revealed a good pretreatment efficiency. After enzymatic hydrolysis, total sugar conversion of 59. 6%, 56. 3%, 54. 4% can be achieved by using the substrate pretreated with Coriolus versicolor 4, Pleurotus ostreatus and Pleurotus sajor-caju under the condition of pretreatment time 50 d and cellulase loading of 20 FPU/g(substrate), respectively
Clinical Distribution and Drug Resistance of Extended-spectrum Beta-lactamase Producing Enterobacteriaceae Isolates
Statistical analysis was performed to analyze the relationship between E-FABP expression and clinicopathological parameters of HCC, including serum alpha-fetoprotein (AFP).
Objective:To investigate the diagnosis value and its limitation of 64-slice CT angiography and digital subtraction angiography in spontaneous subarachnoid(s-SAH)cases.
The pathogenesis of intracardiac thrombosis is complex and is still not fully understood.
Quantitation of the intact peptide was also done by paper chromatography.
The invention provides an image display method in CT interventional therapy.
Complexes of carbon nanotubes and fullerences with molecular-clips and use thereof
Spiral CT findings of primary gallbladder carcinoma
c) optionally, regenerating said transgenic Nicotiana plant cells to obtain transgenic Nicotiana plants;
As a negative control, hrFIX (Benefix, Baxter) was incubated with the cells at isomolar concentrations of FVIII
Milk proteins such as casein and whey, and soy proteins are particularly preferred
Objective:To observe the antidiarrheal effect of Xiaoer Zhixie Ointment on mice.
(2) fermentation culture, the strain for fermentation is Candida glycerinogenes CCTCC M 93018;
Results showed that modified clinoptilolite have a better absorption in chloride and optimum adsorption conditions are adsorption time 100min,temperature 30℃,100ml mass percentage concentration of 0. 5% solution adsorbent dosage 1. 5g,pH10.
AFP may be selectively absorbed by cells expressing specific AFP receptors (AFPR), such as embryonic cells, stem cells, activated immune cells, cancer cells or cells transformed by certain types of retroviruses
The difference about cure rate and effective rate between the two groups were significant(P<0.05).
Differential Scanning Calorimeter (DSC) was used to determine and study the gelatinization temperature and enthalpy of raw rice starch and resistant starch
This paper studied the method that three types of ionic liquid surfactants can be synthesized by direct approach,the structure of functional group and the surface tension of aqueous solution were characterized by fourier transform infrared spectroscopy(FTIR) and drop volume technique.
in ord to avoid confounding result from cell-surface bound compounds, that Jurkat cells were washed thoroughly and subject to trypsin overdigestion, in accordance with recent reports.
Comparison of Pathologic Grading and Clinical Features of Chronic Hepatitis B
Study on the Controllable Preparation and Performance of α-Fe_2O_3 Nano-particles;
(3)The glandular epithelium were stained for keratin, EMA, and ER.
CLONING AND EXPRESSION ANALYSIS OF CYTOCHROME P450 HOMOLOG FROM HYRIOPSIS CUMINGII
The earlier stage witnessed strengthened mice immune response, abnormal expressions of CD40,B7,1 and 4,1BB on kidney, up,expressions of CD40L and CD28 on the infiltrated lymphocytes, as well as inflammatory cells infiltration, leading to the acute renal failure.
Conclusion:The method of boosting Qi,quicken the blood and nourishing Yin has significant effect and security for the convalescence of cerebral infarction.
Melamine:Digestion,Metabolism and Effects on Nutrient Availability and Feed Passage Rate in Broilers
Therapeutic Effects of Catgut Implantation at Acupoints on124 Cases of Cervical Spodylopethy
study of Zinc in protect sperm from sodium nitroprusside damage
The study on LiCoO_2 for lithium ion batteries synthesized by microwave method
To a stirred solution of IVb (53.0 mg, 0.16 mmole) in EA was added sodium 2-ethylhexanoate (1.2about1.5 eq.) in EA and stirred for overnight.
Synthesis, Crystal Structure and Optical Property of a New Supramolecular Complex: [Hg_6Sb_4](InBr_6) Br
The growth curve showed that 0-42 h was lag phase,42-60 h was log phase,60-66 h was stationary phase,and 66-86 h was death phase.
In order to explore lipase-producing microbes with different characteristics,54 lipase-producing strains were screened out using pure culture method from 108 samples from the Qinghai alpine meadow - Ya’an Mountainous Regions Chengdu Plain,and only one strain is alkaline lipase-producing strain.
An Analysis on The Value of CT Scanning in 30 Cases with Gastric Cancer
Furthermore,the waterlogging tolerance of Emai 23 was higher than that of Zhengmai 9023.
Application of amomum tsao-ko oil on preparing medicaments with functions of restraining or killing candida albicans
Dynamic Detections of Endothelin Concentrations of Liver Tissue and Plasma in Cirrhotic Rats
the THDS comprises a backing layer, an adjoining adhesive polymer matrix comprising an effective amount of at least a progestin hormone, delivery of which is enhanced by one or more skin permeation enhancing agents present in pre-determined amounts.
All patients were examined with Philips 0.5T -Ⅱ Super conductor magnetic resonance machine.
Method for synthesizing optically-active trans-Whiskey lactone
Cloning and Expression of Maltooligosyltrehalose Trehalohydrolase in Pichia Pastoris from Micrococcus Roseus QS412
the Doppler lase data acquisition module and that OCT data acquisition module are integrated on a mixed module, namely a flexible head, through coordinate with a Doppler host and an OCT host to process, the more accurate dynamic images and more exquisite tomographic lesion images of surface vessel between vaginal walls are obtained, so precise and exact data support is provided for the diagnosis and treatment of doctors..
[Objective]Discuss a new method of the myocardial infarction established in rabbits,the micro-method.
( 3 ) modified cationic cellulose derivatives such as cellulose co-polymers or cellulose derivatives grafted with a water-soluble monomer of quaternary ammonium, and described, in particular, in us patent 4, 131,576, incorporated herein by reference, such as hydroxyalkylcellulo-ses, for instance hydroxymethyl-, hydroxyethyl- or hy- droxypropylcelluloses grafted, in particular, with a meth-acryloylethyltrimethylammonium, methacrylamidopropyltrimethylammonium or dimethyidiallylammonium salt.
LEA proteins and Lea genes were one of the hot fields in plant embryology and stress physiology
The morphology of mature egg and sperm of Scophthalmus maximus,and initial stages of sperm penetration were observed under scanning electron microscopy(SEM).The cortex had been observed with TEM. The micropyle consists of a depressed vestibule and a canal.
This study explored the methods for enhancing college students intercourse skill by using systemic group counseling.
the norgestimate-containing oral contraceptive appear to have less endometrial suppression than other oral contraceptive progestins such as desogestrel and levonorgestrel
The results indicated that 60Co γ-ray of 50Gy and seed-soaking in 750g/hm2 of farm REE could improve the root growth of beet, raise the sugar content of beetroot by 11.9% and yield by 13.5% compared to that of CK
high efficiency transformation of intact yeast cell
Separation was accomplished on a reversed phase column(5μm, 4.6 mm× 250 mm) with a mobile phase of 0.05 mol·L~(-1) sodium dihydrogen phosphate-acetonitrile(63:37; adjusted to pH 4.23 with phosphorous acid and triethylamine). The flow rate was 0.6 mL rain~(-1
Methods The expressions of EGFR in 76 lung cancer samples,23 adjacent samples and 8 non-lung cancer samples were detect by real-time PCR.
Pn of leaf showed a significantly positive correlation with Gs and Tr,but a significantly negative correlation with Ci.
The invention relates to a medicinal composition for treating hyperuricemia, which comprises Febuxostat or derivate, probenecid and a pharmaceutically acceptable medicinal carrier, wherein theratio in weight portion of the Febuxostat or derivate to the probenecid to the pharmaceutically acceptable medicinal carrier is 1:10-200:0.5-100.
Plas- ma amygdalin concentration and urine amygdalin concentration were esti- mated by this assay method after iv injection of 500mg/kg amygdalin into 4 rabbits.
in vitro Studies of Cholesterol-lowering probiotic
Objective:Children with bronchiolitis by measuring the trace elements zinc,iron,copper,calcium,magnesium,!ead content in order to understand the existence of bronchiolitis micronutrient deficiencies.
Perioperative care in lung transplantation: report of 18 cases
Conclusion Decreased PKC positive cells in the preoptic area may be associated with endocrine disturbance in postmenopausal women.
Conclusion:The objects assaulted by acinetobacter baumannii were mainly children,and their respiratory passages were main lesions position;The resistance rate of acinetobacter baumannii were the lowest to imipenem,so it was very necessary that the clinicians should select legitimately antibiotics according to results of drug sensitivity test.
Malignant Malaria Seen in Congo(Clinical Analysis of 260 Cases)
in yet another embodiment, that gibberellin receptor may be mutate to cause it to be more sensitive to gibberellin
6 cases of abnormal myocardial enzymes.accounting for 60%,CI abnormalities in 2 cases.accounting for 33. 3%,CH 3 cases of abnormal group,accounting for 50%,SAH group of abnormalities in 1 case.accounting for 16. 7%.
Objective To study the expression of the telomerase, and to evaluate the relations with clinical character of osteosarcoma
The different purposes of fiber-FISH in plant genome research including physical map construction, molecular organization of particular chromosome segments and comparative genome research were also discussed
R2 is selected from the group consisting of hydrido, aryl, alkyl, alkenyl, haloalkyl, haloalkoxy, haloalkoxyalkyl, perhaloaryl, perhaloaralkyl, perhaloaryloxyalkyl and heteroaryl; R3 is selected from the group consisting of hydrido, aryl, alkyl, alkenyl, haloalkyl and haloalkoxyalkyl; Y is selected from a group consisting of a covalent single bond, (CH2)q wherein q is an integer selected from 1 through 2, and (CH2)j-O-(CH2)k wherein j and k are integers independently selected from 0 through 1; Z is selected from the group consisting of a covalent single bond, (CH2)q wherein q is an integer selected from 1 through 2, and (CH2)j-O-(CH2)k wherein j and k are integers independently selected from 0 through 1; R4, R8, R9 and R13 are independently selected from the group consisting of hydrido, halo, haloalkyl and alkyl;
Analysis of the Clinical Factors of Hepatic Metastases of Colorectal Cancer
It is characterized in that it comprises following steps: (1) sowing wheat into rice field with density of 112.5- 150 kg/ hm2 7- 10 days before rice harvest; (2) dressing combination fertilizer and urine on base of organic fertilizer dressing 6-7 days after rice harvest, removing weed with pesticide; (3) dressing stem jointing fertilizer 138- 142 days after rice harvest; (4) dressing fertilizer for flag leaf when the leaf age is1; (5) harvesting wheat.
Cause analysis and treatment countermeasure for impingement syndrome of the anterior ankle
The dyed solution in which charged pigment particles are dispersed is called electrophoretic ink, and the display using the electrophoretic ink is called an electrophoretic display ( abbreviated as ' EPD
study on application of McAb-ELISA to Filaria Surveillance by detect Filaria-specSifie IgG_4
Serious adverse events were consistent with medical disorders in this age group and were mainly infections and injuries.
Human demineralized bone matrix was provided by the University Tissue Bank (Cliniques universitaires Saint-Luc, Brussels, Belgium), and produced from multi-organ human donors.
Effect of Isopanduratin A on Body Weight and Body Fat Reduction in Mice in which Obesity is Induced with a High-Fat Diet
The Relationship between Peripheral Arterial Pressure and Central Aortic Pressure among Hypertensive and Non-hypertensive People
High Fischer ratio protein hydrolysate, especial its peptide mixture are effective for patients suffered from hepatic encephalopathy. A process was proposed to produce a high F ratio (>20) peptide mixture from corn gluten meal(CGM).
Methods Placentas were adoped from the pregnant rabbits model by uterine-incision delivery and were processed by three combinations of digestive juice mixed with collagenaseⅡ,collagenaseⅣ,dispase and DNaseⅠ:group A(collagenase Ⅳ + dispase + DNaseⅠ) ;
Relationship Between Expression of Survivin Gene and Biological Characteristics in Human Esophageal Carcinoma
Methods ANA was measured by indirect immunofluorescence,ENA profile was measured by Euronline immunoblot assay.
such a culture medium can be a synthetic tissue culture medium such as Ko-DMEM ( Gibco-Invitrogen corporation product, grand island, N. Y., USA) supplemented with serum, serum replacement and/or growth factor
Effect of Two Different Kinds of Occlusal Splints on Electromyography of TMD Patients
Materials and Methods Spectrum CT was applied to eight patients with tuberculous pleural effusion and eight patients with malignant pleural effusion based on clinical diagnosis.The mixing energy CT value, spectral slope of the curve, fat-density, blood- based density and effective atomic number values were measured and compared about the tuberculous pleural effusion and malignant pleural effusion.
Method for high-density lipoprotein chip electrophoresis
postero-septal myocardial infarction
There are also immunoreactive components in the other part of inferior mesenteric ganglion of female goat.
the strontium contain compound can be dissolved in that thrombin solution or added to the clot in crystalline particulate form
Genetic and environmental influences on symptomatic gallstone disease: A Swedish study of 43,141 twin pairs
The Utilization of the Aibai Wheat in Breeding--Ⅰ.Preliminary Study on the Relationship Between Plant Height and Fertility of the Aibai Wheat
study on that function of the granule of Huganyifei on hepatic insufficiency induce by the drugs for TB
Clinical Study on Adegold in Treating Vascular Dementia
The results showed that the best conditions for the preparation were as follows: Vc initial concentration in reaction solution is 10%,the temperature is 50℃,the reaction time is 50min,AsTP is obtained with 84. 45% conversion rate.
2cases were treated by5times,1case was 4times,6were 3time s,10were 2,7were one. All cases were drained and following aspiration ir rigated the cyst several times with,accoding to the cyst size,4-10ml ethanol,then left 5-10ml ethanol in the cyst.
The coke deposit, the outward appearance and characteristics of lacquer film on the rotary disk after the test is correlated with Caterpillar1HZ, IG2 with good agreement
the product is effective for cal liver, suppress yang hyperactivity, reducing cholesterol, lowering blood pressure, and protecting health
sarcoma of prostate
But in small, isolated populations where inbreeding is common, there's a greater chance that related partners carry the same mutations.
CD106,CD166,fibronectin,vimentin and collagen fibers acidic protein(GFAP) are positive;
A nutritive edible fungus contains 18 amino acids, nucleic acid, fatty acid, trace elements, vitamines, polyose and SOD.
in view of that high incidence of drug traffic and addiction
The length of amplification fragment was 425bp,Tm55Tl.
The relative risks for the relapse were as following, Survivin (cytoplasm): OR=3.38, 95% CI (0.99- 11.52), P=0.044;
Strategies. which have been designed to overcome this lack of immunogenicity, include the linking (conjugating) of the polysaccharide to large protein carriers, which provide bystander T-cell help.
The supports 2 includes a first composite oxide having a spinel structure represented by a general formula EF2O4 or a second composite oxide represented by a general formula GAl12O19.
Compared to those with stable COPD and SAS only with oxygen therapy, the frequency of rehospitalization, the cost of hospitalization and mortality are reduced among patients who with both oxygen and NIPPV therapy.
Effects of Qinggan Tongqiao Decoction on ET and NO of Guinea Pig with Sudden Deafness
Detection of bluetongue virus by antigen-capture ELISA and peroxidase staining methods
methods We have treated 19 cases postpartum bleeding in hysterotokotomy with double balloon and triple cavities and synthesize the experience of 19 cases postpartum bleeding treatment.
the said oral liquid contain white ant extract
19).In the distribution with dmft score,6≤ dmft≤20 was found in 90 subjects,1≤dmft≤ 5 in 206. The surfaces of teeth most often affected were the occlusal of deciduous molars and proximal surface of maxillary deliciduous central and lateral incisor.
Objective: To explore clinical value of ultrasonography in the diagnosis of placental abruption.
the SGT10166 gene or nucleic acid include normal alleles of that SGT10166 gene, respectively, include silent alleles having no effect on the amino acid sequence of the SGT10166 polypeptide as well as alleles lead to amino acid sequence variants of the SGT10166 polypeptide that do not substantially affect its function.
